 "Episode","Text"
"5","Previously on   Twin Peaks   Agent Cooper. There's no sign of the man with one arm. Keep trying. He's out there. If anyone can find him Hawk can. - He's a tracker? - The best. My darling daughter Jade. Uncle Leland? Madeleine? Blood? Somebody's running drugs into Twin Peaks. - Who's targeted? - Jacques Renault. Bartender at the Roadhouse. We figure him for the middleman. - Who's this? - Bernard Renault. Jacques' brother. Did you sell drugs to Laura Palmer? Yeah. Yeah his hair was long. Filthy grey on grey long hair. I saw him. At the foot of Laura's bed. He looked like an animal. - Had you seen this man before? - No. Never. His face. My God his face! Sarah did you tell them about the necklace? - They're gonna love that one. - What necklace? She's had two visions. Go ahead Sarah. Leland. Leland. Sarah. It's night. A flashlight beam moves across the ground. Then a hand a gloved hand lifts a rock and takes out a necklace broken in half. It was Laura's. Invitation to love. Don't fight it Chet. You know as well as I there's still something between us. There always will be. For God's sake Emerald. That may be true but I'm married to your sister now. It's wrong. You always said you could never tell us apart so Morning Lucy. What's going on? Thanks to Jade Jared decided not to kill himself and he's leaving the Towers to Jade instead of Emerald. Emerald knows and is now seducing Chet for the will so she can destroy it. Montana plans to kill Jared so the Towers will belong to Emerald and him. I think she's gonna double-cross him and he doesn't know it yet. Poor Chet. What's going on here? Agent Cooper's in the conference room with Dr Jacoby. Thank you. Lucy why couldn't I spend the night last night? Will you be having coffee Deputy Brennan? Was Laura Palmer seeing you because she was addicted to cocaine? Agent Cooper I'd like to help you but I got a little problem here. Maybe there's some sort of hula we can do around my doctor-patient confidentiality? She came to you because she was having problems? Oh my yes. Were her problems of a sexual nature? Agent Cooper. The problems of our entire society are of a sexual nature. Tibet. You know my abiding interests lie to the east as well. But only as far as Hawaii. The ancient Hawaiians often turned to the soothing rhizome of the ginger plant to ease the pain of profound confusion which more often than not was sexual. Ginger is nonaddictive cocaine is. The fact that Laura Palmer sought medication no matter how dubious was actually a positive sign. Doctor Jacoby I understand you cared deeply for Laura Palmer. Why won't you help us? My own personal investigation I suspect will be ongoing for the rest of my life. Laura had secrets. And around those secrets she built the fortress well that in my six months with her I was not able to penetrate and for which I consider myself an abject failure. Doctor did Laura ever discuss Bobby Briggs or James Hurley with you? They were boys Laura was a woman. She had sex with three men the night she was murdered. Were you one of them? No. Who killed her Doctor Jacoby? The night after Laura died I followed a man that Laura had spoken to me about. He was driving a red Corvette. I followed him to the Old Sawmill Road and then I lost him. And that gentlemen is all I can tell you. Agent Cooper a Gordon Cole says you 're expecting his call. - Should I put him through? - Yes Lucy put him through. Thank you Doctor. That's all. You 'll be in town Doctor? Well I'm planning a pilgrimage to Pebble Beach but that's not till the end of the month. Hang loose haoles. - Leo Johnson drives a red Corvette? - Yes. - How we doing on Jacques Renault? - There's an APB on him. His brother made bail this morning. I got an   All Points   on him too. Harry this is my supervisor. - Morning Gordon. How are we doing? - Where do we start? The Palmer girl or Albert's new best friend Harry Truman? - Laura Palmer. - Albert has been very busy. The twine he found on her upper arm is a common household variety: Finley's Fine Twine. - And the twine on her wrists? - Definitely not a match. No ID yet. And those marks on her shoulders bird bites. He'll also fax a reconstruction of the plastic fragment from her stomach. Great. We're anxiously awaiting his results. Now for the bad news Coop. I've got an OOJ and an AFO from Albert concerning his   mano a mano   with the local sheriff Truman. Albert wants this guy's badge Coop. Gordon here's how it is. You know Albert. Sheriff Truman displayed a saint's patience not clocking him before. - He wants it filed with the US Attorney. - File it under F for forget it. Tell Albert if he wants to pursue this I'll fight him all the way to Washington! - Don't get excited - Later Gordon. Thanks. I didn't get a whole lot of sleep last night. The last thing I want you to worry about is some city slicker I brought into your town relieving himself upstream. - This is the man I saw in my dream. - You saw this man? I had an intuition that my dream and Sarah Palmer's vision were connected. I didn't go because I didn't wanna influence her. I'm a strong sender. - The eyes were closer together. - Deputy Hawk for Agent Cooper. Hawk. Right. Stay there. Follow him if he moves. Travelling east on Highway 12 how long is it to the Timber Falls Motel? - 10 minutes. - Half an hour. Depends how you go. Hawk's found our one-armed man. I wish I could've seen Josie's face opening the safe for her lawman Romeo to show him the double set of books. And all she finds is the one I've been slowly cooking. Where's the book that spells bankruptcy? I have more than one hiding place. My desk upstairs. There's a drop panel on the top drawer. Not even Pete the poodle knows about that one. I'm famished. I suppose room service is too much to expect of this rusticated mildew farm. You would prefer the Lumber Baron Suite at the Great Northern. I'd prefer getting on with setting the torch to that damn mill. Harry he's here at the motel. Room 101. Last name is Gerard. Now when the mill goes up in smoke the headline we're after is   Josie Packard torches bankrupt mill in insurance fraud   not   Giant weenie roast in the woods  . Mr Gerard it's the police. Open up! What? Jeez! Gunplay. Sounds serious. Mr Gerard! - Don't move. - Oh my God! Keep your hands where I can see them. You let me know if there's any bloodshed. I'm going to give little Elvis a bath. You know this man. No sir. I've never seen that man before in my life. But you know he kind of looks like somebody. Mr Gerard do you have a friend named Bob? Bob Lydecker is my best friend. - Why have you been at the hospital? - Bob's in a coma. A Lydecker was assaulted three days ago outside a bar in Lotown. - That's Bob. - Is your friend Bob a doctor? He's the best darn veterinarian in these parts. Thanks. He's clean: No record no warrants. Take a look at his car. - Your middle name is Michael. - Named after my uncle. - How did you lose the arm? - Car accident. I was on the road from Memphis to someplace. Selling pharmaceuticals. A pretty good job. That's what I'm selling these days. Everybody needs shoes. - They're all for the right foot. - It's my sample case. Two-day delivery guaranteed. We could certainly take care of all your departmental needs. The arm you lost did it have a tattoo? What's this all about? - I'm a shoe salesman. - Settle down Mr Gerard. - He asked you a question. - If you won't tell us we can find out. What did it say? It said   Mom  ! Harry. - What you got? - Car was staked out when I got here. It was Josie Packard. I've been doing some research. In real life there is no algebra. Maybe you should run away and join the circus. Escape! I've got a better idea. A tall dark and handsome stranger falls madly in love with me and takes me away to a life of mystery and international intrigue. You mean the FBI agent? Dream on. Maybe. Maybe he'll realise I'm the woman of his dreams because I'm gonna help him figure out who killed Laura. And you 're gonna help me. Fact: Laura was seeing James Hurley behind Bobby's back. - What if she was? - So it is true. Fact: Laura had a sweet tooth for nose candy. I guess it's not such a big secret. I didn't know Laura half as well as you and I knew the score. Laura was wild. Come on will you help me? What else have you figured out Sherlock? The morning of the funeral Dr Jacoby is trying to get my brother Johnny to go the funeral. He tells Johnny that Laura's in a better place now blah blah and he knows that because Laura was his patient. - Laura was seeing Jacoby? - It gets better. - Ever heard of One-Eyed Jacks? - That western with Marlon Brando? It's a place across the border. They have girls working there. You think Laura was one of them? I don't know. If it's true wouldn't you wanna know? It would explain a few things. You know I think about Laura being in a place like that and I get all shivery. But it's like a hot cold. Like when you hold an ice cube on your bare skin for a long time. I'll help you. But whatever we find out we have to promise to keep it a secret. It's a deal. I know where to start. Did you know Ronnette and Laura worked in the same place? The perfume counter at my father's department store. Have a chat with Hank before the hearing. He's glad you 're here. I hope I didn't come on too strong yesterday. I'll be sure to tell him how helpful you 've been Mr Mooney. Haven't seen you for a while Norma. - I've been kind of busy. - So - Business is good? - Yeah. You gotta back me up in there Norma please. I gotta get out. It's starting to put the zap on me big time. I know I have no right to ask and you have no reason to believe me but I'll change. I swear on my life I have changed. Give me a chance to prove it to you. I've replayed it in my mind a million times and I don't have any answers. A car in perfect condition goes out of control. A vagrant nobody knows is killed while sleeping by the roadside. Why did fate deal me this hand? You are not incarcerated for an act of fate Mr Jennings. I accept that but it was fate maybe even luck that sent me to jail just as much as the car accident. - What is your point? - I know I have a lot to make up for. For the life I destroyed and for another life I very nearly destroyed. Mrs Jennings your husband would be facing a difficult re-entry - how would you help him? - I own a diner in Twin Peaks. I can give him a job. The boss is tough but fair. And you would live together as man and wife? Well he is my husband isn't he? We have what we need here. We'll make our decision without the inmate present. We'll let you know by five o'clock today. Catch you later. In my dream Mike said he and Bob lived above a convenience store. Cooper I'd think you 'd be afraid to go to sleep at night. Hey Hawk. Andy could you go into the One Stop and get me some twine? No that's not Doctor Lydecker. - Does Doctor Lydecker treat birds? - Well yes of course. You know there are plenty other vets in Twin Peaks. Only one has a best friend with one arm. Harry in the heat of the investigative pursuit the shortest distance between two points is not necessarily a straight line. Andy. Hand me that spool of Finley's Fine Twine. Miss Loomer we're confiscating your files. What? As clear as the signs on the turnpike the bird that attacked Laura Palmer is a client of this office. I feel so bad for you. I was watching you at the funeral and my heart was aching. I wanted to hold you so much. That James Hurley. He was seeing Laura behind my back. I'm gonna fix him. Fix me first. When is Leo due back? Don't worry bad boy. I can hear his 'V ette a mile away. Don't mess around with this Shelly. Where is he? He's with his friend that creepy Jacques. Jacques who? That Canuck guy that works at the Roadhouse. Leo and Jacques? What's the matter? Gotta think. I gotta think. Well think later Bobby. I have to go back to the diner in half an hour. I gotta tell you something. What is it? I've been on to this for a while checking it out. It's pretty bad. Tell me. Leo and Jacques are running drugs across the border. Cocaine. They've been selling them at school. I knew Leo was messed up in something. I think it's even possible they were giving drugs to Laura. Bobby I have to show you something. This was in Leo's truck two days after Laura was murdered. Are you sure this is Leo's? It has his initials on the collar. He makes me sew them into everything. Shelly this could be the answer to our prayers. What do you mean? You don't need to know. I'm gonna take this OK? You never saw this. Say it -   I never saw it.    - I never saw it. Leo's not gonna be a problem for us any more. Stay clear of him and keep quiet. I bought this. You know how to use it? I thought you could teach me. Teach me Bobby. Take them into the conference room. Lucy go through these files and pull out the people who own birds. - How will I know they own birds? - It'll say so on the cards. OK I'll start going through the files then. Agent Cooper I'm so sorry. My gun just slipped out of my hand. Ever used your weapon in the line of duty? No sir. I can't explain what happened. I've been feeling a little high-strung. Lack of preparation. We'll take care of that. Andy get ammunition from the lockbox. Meet us downstairs at the pistol range. Lucy did you hear what happened? I feel so dumb. I dropped my gun and it went off. - Are you all right? - Oh yeah. I guess so but I'd like to chat but I am under orders to examine these files so if you 'll excuse me please. Laura Palmer's murder was vicious and calculated. No telling what we'll encounter bringing a suspect to ground. After Andy's mishap I wanna make certain we're comfortable with our firearms. Nice piece. Actually it's standard issue I made a few modifications. How long has Lucy been upset with Andy? - Body language? - It was yelling through a megaphone. - Six rounds a piece to start with Andy. - OK. Care to tell us about you and Lucy Andy? - Jeez you can tell? - Not many secrets left around here. She won't speak to me and I don't know why. And I don't know why she's doing what she's doing. I just can't figure her out. There's no logic at work here Andy. In the grand design women were drawn from a different set of blueprints. - Amen to that. - Amen. Hawk Andy. Rapid fire. Hawk: Six for six two kills high marks. Andy Andy what we need is practice and lots of it. One hour three times a week. Harry supply the ordnance? Whatever it takes. Chin up Andy. - You ever been married Cooper? - No. I knew someone once who helped me understand commitment the responsibilities and the risks who taught me the pain of a broken heart. One woman can make you fly like an eagle. Another can give you the strength of a lion. But only one in the cycle of life can fill your heart with wonder and the wisdom that you have known a singular joy. - I wrote that for my girlfriend. - Local gal? Diane Shapiro PhD Brandeis. Harry: One miss five hits three kills. Excellent. Only four hits? I put four through the eyes and one through each nostril. Agent Cooper I'm looking at the files from Lydecker's. I have here under A's an Arky who's a part poodle part Rottweiler who lives on Maple and belongs to Mr Rumple. I have an Annette an otter who lives with a family near Oak River. We wanted the name of birds. I know but the files are organised alphabetically. - Lucy go through the bird file. - You don't understand. They're organised alphabetically under the names of the pet. We're gonna need some more coffee. Thanks Toad. I'll be sure to get this into my retirement fund asap. Shelly you 're gonna scare the customers. I've got one man too many in my life and I'm married to him. Sound familiar? Maybe you should have a little talk with Leo. Leo doesn't talk. He hits. He was so great at first you know? This flashy guy in his hot car. Then we get married and I find out all he was looking for was a maid he didn't have to pay. I feel so stupid. Look at us. Two men apiece and we don't know what to do with any of the four of them. - So how did Hank's hearing go? - No decision till this afternoon. Have you told him you 're divorcing him for Ed? When I saw him I He might not even get out this time. I guess my plans are a little up in the air. Yeah well I've definitely got plans for Leo. You know what were gonna do Shelly tomorrow? We'll have a day of beauty. A manicure a facial we're gonna have our hair done the works. We're gonna be the knockouts of the RR. It's my treat. - Yeah? - Yeah. - Donna? - Hi James. - Donna. - Hold on. Who the heck ever heard of diet lasagne? Just a sec Daddy I'll be right in OK? It's James. We're having this church potluck dinner tonight. Tell him to get over here. I need help. SOS. Mayday. - Would you like to come? - I wouldn't be good company. I think we need to talk. I found out some things. Audrey told me some stuff and Mrs Palmer saw something. - What? - If you come over I could tell you. I'll get something to eat and I'll be over. OK. Bye. Hi. Who are you? My name's Madeleine Ferguson. Laura was my cousin. James Hurley. Laura and I hadn't seen each other much recently. I live in Missoula. Did you know Laura well? I thought I did. - Here you go. Your order's ready. - Thanks a lot. I'm picking up food for my aunt and uncle. Aunt Sarah can't cook right now and Uncle Leland is up half the night listening to old music and crying. But if I was cooking for them they'd be even worse. - You think I look like Laura? - Yes. We used to visit Twin Peaks when I was a kid. It was great. We'd pretend we were sisters. I wish I'd known her better. It's so sad. Well it was nice to meet you James Hurley. Nice to meet you too. Thanks for calling Mr Mooney. Are you OK? Hank got his parole. He's coming home. What's that? No I don't know what you get when you cross a Norwegian and a Swede. Very good sir. Very good. I can't tell you how excited we are about bringing Icelandic investment to the great Northwest. Would you put my brother back on please? Jerry who the hell is that joker? You 're sure that he's the boss? Make sure they don't start taking eggnog in to the pilot. Jer I've got the jet gassed up and on the runway in Seattle. Usher them through customs make your connection and save me some of whatever it is that they're having. Yeah! Audrey! I didn't hear you come in. What is it this time? Dad are you ashamed of me? Audrey you 're my daughter. I was thinking about what we talked about when you were so mad. It isn't that I'm ashamed of you Audrey. It's just that I wish I could depend on you more. Especially during a trying time like this. That's what I wanted to talk to you about. Dad I wanna change my life. I've decided I wanna help you with the family business. One of these days you 'll need someone to take over. Obviously it's not gonna be Johnny. Oh Audrey! I wish that I could believe you. Daddy please! I saw a friend of mine cut down like a flower that had just begun to bloom. Life can be so short. There isn't all the time in the world. I see that now. And I wanna change my life. How exactly? I don't need college. You can teach me. I'm willing to start at the bottom. All right. We've got some guests arriving. You go upstairs and start making some beds. You still don't believe me? All right. OK. OK. All right. All right. Where would you start? I think I should start at the department store. Cosmetics or something. Part time at first till I graduate. You 're really serious aren't you? You have to start to think about the future Daddy. Just like I am. - The future? - Our family's future. Please let me be your daughter again. Audrey. Hello this is Benjamin Horne. I have to take this sweetheart. Oh OK. Thanks Daddy. Thank you Audrey. Where have you been? Meet me down by the river in a half hour. And be discreet. Here's a bird. Louis Armstrong. He's a parakeet. - Put it with the others. - Cooper Gordon Cole on the phone. Coop Albert is faxing you his reconstruction of the plastic object found in Laura Palmer's stomach. He says the marks on her shoulders are made by a parrot or a mynah bird. That's it. You 're up to date. - Take a look at this. - Something with the letter J. A poker chip. One-Eyed Jacks. Waldo! Harry Agent Cooper. It's a mynah bird named Waldo. - Owned by Jacques Renault. - I'll get his home address. When two separate events occur simultaneously pertaining to the same object of inquiry we must always pay strict attention. Fellas let's make a house call. Jacques it's Harry Truman. Open the door. - He's heading around the side. - Go get him. - Let's get forensics and seal this room. - Harry? - Yeah Hawk. - He got away. I lost him in the woods. Harry.   L. J.    Leo Johnson. - Leo Johnson and Jacques Renault. - That's our connection. Nice touch Leo. Bright red sports car for a secret meeting. Nice. If you don't like it get somebody else. Hank said you were gifted I believed him. But Leo your whole approach it's misguided. Major career opportunity staring you in the face and all you can think about is car wax and chicken-feed drug transactions. I'm out $10 000. Maybe that's peanuts to you not to me. You were in business with a couple of glue-sniffing squish-heads Leo. The Renault brothers? I broke up their act. This is Bernie. Jacques's back in Canada. We had a long talk. He's staying there. Jacques was the brains in the outfit. Bernie made bail this morning on possession. Do we know if the late Bernard gave you up? I told him if he ever did I'd kill him. Did he? No. He shouldn't have trusted me but like I said Bernie wasn't too bright. OK. One last chance Leo. Don't disappoint me. The mill? Keep it simple. Insurance investigator should read   arson   block letters about six feet high. - The deal as we discussed? - The rest on delivery. Three nights Leo. Green light. It's that clear enough? But if Mrs Palmer knows about the necklace - How could she know? - She said she had a vision. She saw someone take it. Donna. Donna it's not here. Somebody must have seen us and followed us here. How? How could Mrs Palmer know? Laura used to say her mother was kind of spooky. She used to see things and have these dreams. Laura did too. - Maybe we should tell somebody. - You mean the police? - If it was the killer then he knows - The police didn't love Laura! Nobody loved her but us. I keep thinking I'm gonna see her. I think I'm gonna catch a glimpse of her out of the corner of my eye. - Sometimes it's like I really do see her. - James listen. We're gonna find out who killed her. This is about us. We have to do this for us not just for her. James I wanna be with you. - Hello? - Josie it's me. We just got a break on the Palmer case. I can't get away. - I miss you. I need to talk to you. - I wanna talk to you too. Josie were you at the Timber Falls Motel this afternoon? I have to go. Call me tomorrow? Goodbye. Blow the whistle Josie. It's quitting time. How did the shift go Pete? Cut some wood made some lumber. - I'm so tired I could eat a horse? - I make you a turkey sandwich. - That's fantastic Josie. - Is Catherine asleep? - Yeah. Good then give me some mayo with that. Josie how do you feel about fish? - To eat? - No to catch. See the Fishing Association their annual do is coming up. I'm defending champion. And this year they're adding a mixed doubles division. I thought well if you were interested What the heck! Would you like to partner up with me? Well Pete I don't know the first step about fishing. Josie there's enough fishing in me for the both of us. - Well what do you think? - Sure Pete. Let's give it the run at the money. Josie you 're my kind of girl. Here. I'm gonna hit the hay. - Sweet dreams Pete. - Sweet dreams Josie. Hello? - Did you get my message? - Yes. Catch you later. 
"