"Episode","Text"
"12","Mr. Horne? Mr. Horne? Your secretary said to come in. Bobby Briggs. Bobby  you know what you have to have in this life? Balance. Distance. Symmetry. Look. It's a beautiful thing  isn't it? Mr. Horne  did you listen to that tape that I sent you? Yes  I listened to your tape  Bobby. Frankly  I am surprised that Leo could master the technology. Damn it  Bobby  what do you want? Mr. Horne  I have a great admiration for you. Admiration is for poets and dairy cows  Bobby. I don't know what you mean. I Bobby. You're standing in front of a mammoth skyscraper. A leviathan that rips a hole in the clouds. Now  what's the first question that comes to your mind? The first question that you ask yourself is  ""What's on the top floor?"" ""Who's up there in the penthouse  and why?"" Now  that's who I am. Are you? Yeah  of course I am. Yes. Bobby  opportunity knocks. I want you to follow Hank Jennings. I want you to chronicle his existence. Show me something that I don't already know. I'd like to see both. Very good. Which one would you like to see first? Well What is this? I'd thought I'd taken that out. That property is called Dead Dog Farm. And it's worse than it sounds. - What is it? - A puzzle. No one ever really stays there long. When can I see it? Sorry I'm late. But the little nipper is so excited about our camping trip  I just couldn't coax him out of the car. Richard  this is Judy Swain from the Happy Helping Hands organization. I'm little Nicky's case manager. Charmed  I'm sure. Shall we? Sit down. Okay. As I was about to tell your friends  the number one thing to know about Nicky is that throughout his brief life  he has been very confused  and perhaps traumatized by a persistent random misfortune. Looks like he's bounced around quite a bit. Well  yes  he has. - Poor child. - Yes. An orphan  you know. Really? What happened? Did his parents die? Nicely deduced  Andrew. Persistent random misfortune? They were killed. How were they killed  Miss Swain? Mysterious circumstances. I'm afraid the orphanage has never provided us with that information. Andy  let's go. Emergency up at the Great Northern. Looks like a heart attack. Once stimulated  the female will respond in such a way that the skin around her Oh  my God. Looks like Dougie went out with his boots on. Love Poems of Lord Byron  The Kama Sutra  Hookers and Handmaidens. Sheriff  look at this. What a falling out was here. Doug. Lord  I hate to say it  I told you so. Here  sheriff. This is it. The murder weapon. She might as well have blown his brains out with a rifle. He never could say no to a woman. You old fool. You sexual adventuress  you'll burn in hell for this. - Take it easy  mister. - I'm gonna shout till I wake the dead. She murdered my brother. She's a witch. He's right  I'm cursed. Don't be silly. No  no  it's true. It all started in high school  prom night. My date went to kiss me. It was his first day with his new braces. Oh  and they gleamed in the moonlight. And his rubber band snapped and his jaw locked open  and we ended up in the emergency room  and the doctors had to break his jaw in three places to get it to shut. And it's just gotten worse ever since. A curse needs a cure. I know a bit about these things. Are you the sheriff? Let's just say  when something really big goes down  I'm the man. Boys  there's a story about a great football coach  whose name escapes me at this time  who was dead set against having any black players on his team. Until somebody brought him the finest black halfback anyone had ever seen. And when what's-his-name saw him run 50 yards and no one lay a hand on him  he shouted  ""Look at that Indian go!"" That coach accepted that athlete's desire to compete. Nadine. And today  this story applies to this woman's-- This young girl's right to compete. In addition to it being her moral and constitutional right. Mike Nelson  could you step up here for a second? Yeah. Come on  Mike  go. Now  Nadine has chosen to prove herself to us by taking on our very best. Our very own district champion  Mike Nelson. - Yeah! Come on. Come on. - All right  man. Go  Mike. Hi  Mike. Put your hand here. No  here. All right  now just push against me. I'll try not to hurt you. Wanna go out tonight? This is called a tie. - Oh  yeah. - You stupid What did you say  Mike? Neck  you're breaking my neck. You're right  this is sort of like necking. What about tonight? Coach? Hey  coach? - Get up  Mike. - Oh  my God. One  two and three. Now will you go out with me? What happened to you? I got beat up by a girl. What did you do to her? Donna  I'm not kidding. Now  you've gotta help me. It's bad enough getting stomped on in front of the whole team  but she likes me. - Who? - Mrs. Hurley. Nadine? It's not funny. I don't know  maybe an older woman is just what you need. I don't wanna go out with anyone who can body-slam me. Well  what do you want me to do about it? I don't know  talk to her or something. Pretend you're still my girlfriend. Sorry  Mike  I'm not that good of an actress. Donna  this is serious. I'm gonna end up in traction. May I help you? Hang up a local service rebellion  wonder if you'd help me bundle up loose sticks and burn that master. Malcolm  Malcolm Sloan  as in brother to Evelyn. Mr. Marsh's driver  as in  ""Bring that car around  James. "" So how badly did she damage the Jag? It's repairable. That's the nice thing about things. You know  when she and Jeffrey fell in love  he gave her a whole new life. That's for sure. Now I got a nice uniform  and the keys to the liquor cabinet. God  I hope I don't sound ungrateful  because compared to the life I was living  wanton dissipation is a step up. And Evelyn  she learned a lot herself. Defensive postures  masking bruises  vicious cycles. What are you talking about? I'm sorry  am I being obscure? Once a fortnight  Jeffrey pounds her mercilessly  and she tries to get even by breaking one of his things. It only perpetuates the cycle. She's your sister. Why don't you stop him? Sonny boy  nobody stops Mr. Marsh. That's a golden rule around here. You can jot that down and put it under your pillow. I gotta get back. Hey  thanks. I mean that. Well  it's still standing. Almost by force of habit. Well  habit can provide a strong foundation. Dead Dog Farm  huh? That's an old legend. Of all the people in the world  the best and the worst are drawn to Dead Dog  and most turn away. Only those with the purest of heart can feel its pain. And somewhere in between  the rest of us struggle. Irene  have you shown this property to anyone else recently? I don't think anyone's asked to see it this last year. There's three vehicles. A jeep  a four-wheeler and a luxury sedan. It's open. Hello? There's been a meeting here. In the past few hours. What are you seeing? They forgot there was no running water. Baby laxative. More white powder. Cocaine. Irene  we have to notify the sheriff. Nicky  stop that  please. Nicky  stop it. I don't understand this at all. I just had the car checked at Gas Farm. He told me it was in perfect working order. Perfect working order. This is all so technical. Please  Nicky  Uncle Dick is trying to read. Nicholas  get out of the car! Nicholas  out of the car  right now! Out of the car! Do you hear me? Are you mad at me  Uncle Dick? Well  of course I'm not mad at you. Why should I be mad at you? Scared you  didn't I? Uncle Dick! Don't worry  don't worry  I'm all right  little Nicky. What if you died? You aren't gonna die  are you? Of course not. Don't be silly. Harry? Cooper. This is Colonel Riley. He's heading up the Air Force's investigation into Briggs' disappearance. - Colonel. - Cooper. You were with Briggs when we lost our coordinates on him. Yes  I was. When you were at the site  did you notice any wildlife in the area? - Wildlife? - Birds  owls? Yes. Yes  just moments before the major disappeared  I heard an owl. Any visual contact? Look  colonel  Garland Briggs is a good friend of mine. It would be a lot better if you'd just level with us. We know about the monitors and the messages from deep space that you received pertaining to me. You may know something  but you best get your facts straight. Our monitors are pointed at deep space  but the messages we intercepted that Briggs showed you were sent from right here in these woods. Now  where they were sent to is another question. Might this have something to do with a place called the White Lodge? That's classified. Colonel  we'd like to help you  but you need to give us a little more to go on here. Garland Briggs is the best pilot I've ever known. He was born with hardware most of us only dream about. I can tell you this: His disappearance has implications that go so far beyond national security the Cold War seems like a case of the sniffles. The engine's fine  the axle should be okay. How did you get so good at this? Oh  my uncle Ed. You think I'm good  you should see him. He can fix anything. I was talking to your brother today a little bit about your situation. Look  James  mind your own business. Are you afraid? Are you afraid of your husband? Are you? There's nothing to talk about. I know what it's like to be alone. You are afraid of him  aren't you? Why don't you just leave? It's complicated. Oh  my God  it's him. I've gotta go. It's not as bad as I made it out to be. Oh  look who's here. Did Daddy have a change of heart? Daddy just made the smartest decision that he's made all year. Oh  yeah? That's not saying much. What did he do? He put me on the payroll. Bobby  you junior achiever  you. And this right here? This is my first assignment. Anything I can help you with? Maybe. Maybe you can help me celebrate after I show this to the boss. Well  you know what I think  Bobby Briggs? Tell. I think that we should think about doing business together. Audrey  I like the way you think. Thank you. Hey  Mr. Horne  how's it going? What is this you're doing here  exactly? Gettysburg  day one. The South is winning. I followed Hank  got those pictures you wanted. You see  I don't know what he's up to  but I'm sure it's no good. I mean  I've never seen these guys before  but they're not exactly from the Rotary  if you know what I mean. - I like you  Bobby. - Oh  I like you too. How much am I paying you? We haven't actually discussed money. Well  you can consider this your first raise. Now  you come back tomorrow  and we will discuss a full-time position. Thank you  Ben. I won't let you down. Nectar of the gods  my dear. It's the bubbles. Wine comes in at the mouth. Love comes in at the eye. I touch my glass to my lips  I look at you and sigh. Thank you  Pete. That's very lyrical. It's Yeats. He's a poet. Yes  I know. The only other toast I know is a limerick. No  really. Really  Pete  that was-- - There once was a lady from Galway-- - Josie! - Yes. - We'll have our appetizers now. - Yes. - Oh  Josie. I just want you to know that even though your station in this household has changed  I intend to show you all the respect and affection that you deserve. Thank you  Catherine. And I will try to do the same. Oh  and put on your little maid's cap. Catherine  don't you think maybe you're being a little hard on her? I mean  she is still part of the family. Josie had a hand in Andrew's death  and she did everything in her power to destroy me. She is lucky she's not hanging from a tree. I don't believe it. Not the Josie I know. I would like to propose a toast to Ben Horne's double-cross. Here's to Josie Packard's dirty deeds. And here's to the woman who brought them down. Here's to me. Here's to you  poodle. Diane  I'm holding in my hand a nationally distributed newspaper. My opening move  responding to Windom Earle's opening move  was printed in the personal columns per my instructions. But I've already received his response to this yesterday. He anticipated my response to his opening move perfectly. He's toying with me  Diane. I wonder where he is and what he's planning. Meanwhile  I've spent the past two days without badge and gun the best way I know how: Occupying both body and spirit. Looked into some real estate  what the local agent charitably refers to as a fixer-upper. Nonetheless  it's a place where a man might make a home  raise a family  which is something  in spite of my past  I still hope I'm able to do. However  as is the case here in Twin Peaks  even this bucolic hideaway is filled with secrets. Secrets that may be connected to my trouble at the Bureau and the cocaine that was found in my automobile. Agent Hardy's deliberations will soon be completed. And if I'm not adequately able to defend myself  there's a very real possibility of imprisonment. - Hello  Agent Cooper. - Audrey. This is for you. I stole it. Don't you think you'd better give it back? Not until you look at what's inside. Okay. What am I gonna find in here  Audrey? Pictures my father paid for. I did good  didn't I? Audrey  you did better than good. You may have saved my life. Good. So that makes us even now  right? - Denise. - Hi  Coop. Come in. Sorry  am I interrupting something? Special Agent Denise Bryson  Drug Enforcement Agency. This is a very good friend of mine  Audrey Horne. They have women agents? More or less. Audrey  if you'll excuse us. Agency business. I thought you were suspended. I am. Thanks again. Good night. Thank you. You're welcome. These are photographs of an abandoned property on the outskirts of town. Jean Renault  Hank Jennings  Norma Jennings' stepfather  Sergeant King  mounted police. They were at the scene earlier today. In the kitchen I found traces of cocaine and the baby laxative used to step it up. I think if you compare this  which was taken from the farm  with the stuff found in my automobile  you'll find it to be a match. - That's good news  Coop. - Yeah. Now  can we talk about something more important? Exactly how old is that girl? Denise  I would assume you're no longer interested in girls. Coop  I may be wearing a dress  but I still pull my panties on one leg at a time  if you know what I mean. Not really. You gonna eat that pie or just push it around on my china? I guess I ain't all that hungry. Wanna talk about it? Oh  you don't wanna hear my problems. We used to talk about everything. We can still talk  Ed. Remember when we were kids  all those plans we made? It was like we were just waiting around for our lives to begin  planning all that stuff we'd do when we did. Somehow  life starts before you know it. Suddenly  you're halfway through living it  and all those plans  they just don't mean a damn thing. This is my life  Norma. I just don't like it much. We can make new plans. Andrew. What is it  Dick? May I have a word with you? Sure. - I feel we may have a problem. - What problem? It's our mutual friend  little Nicky. - Yes? - How shall I put this? Well  he's  he's Andy  I believe that little Nicky  incredible as it may seem  may in fact be the devil. Devil? Or at the very least  homicidal in the first degree. Andy  we've got to find out what happened to his parents. I've got the autopsy report. Dwayne  Dougie died of natural causes. Heart attack. No evidence of foul play. Did you check him for witchcraft? That's not the kind of thing that shows up in an autopsy. I wanna press charges. Now  Dwayne  you know I can't press charges if there hasn't been a crime. Well  she killed him with sex. And how much clearer does it have to be? Dwayne  it's been a long  hard day. Why don't you just go home and try and get some rest. You want me to go to sleep. Not until that murdering hussy is behind bars  where she belongs. I'll sue her  I'll file civil suits. She'll not get her hands on any of Dougie's money as long as I have a breath. Not one single red cent. Nothing. I'II I'II Harry  do you still have that bottle of Irish in your office? I wanna put some in a little warm milk for the widow Milford. O  she doth teach the torches to burn bright. It seems she hangs against the cheek of night like a rich jewel in an Ethiope's ear. Beauty too rich for use  for earth too dear. Twin Peaks Sheriff Station  this is Lucy speaking. One moment  please. Sheriff Truman? Sheriff? Sheriff Truman. Sheriff Truman  you have a telephone call  line three. One moment  please. So wait  it gets better. And then I said: ""Well  what do you think underpants are for  anyway?"" Tell us another one. Please  another. One more. This one time  I had this cousin. He was a clown in this rodeo  you know. They just had all these really big horses  you know. And you will not believe what they made him do. - What? - What? They made him-- Thank you. - They made him stand in the middle  - Yeah. And take his clown costume completely off. Can I help you? Mr. Niles  I don't wanna put the squeeze on you. You've been to prison  I don't need to paint you any pictures. What's this all about? For starters  you're guilty of a serious parole violation. Enough to put you back inside. And unless you cooperate  I intend to do everything in my power to make sure you stay there. My name is Ernie Niles  and I confess. I'm guilty. I guess I'm terribly guilty  against my will  of course. Mr. Niles  we're not really interested in all the-- They held me at gunpoint  they beat me  they threatened me with physical violence. These men are animals  they'll stop at nothing. Mr. Niles  just-- They wanted me to sell drugs for them. I tried to resist  but my family means everything to me. My family When they threatened my wife  well  I weakened  you know. I'm terribly  terribly sorry. I guess I did wrong but  you know  love makes a guy do foolish things  you know  illegal things-- Ernie  Ernie  Ernie  will you shut up? Mr. Niles  we appreciate the trials you've been through  we sympathize with you. - You do? - That's why we're here. - Oh  you are? - Yes. Now tell us everything you know. Yes  this is-- Well  they tortured me  and the thing was  they did filthy  horrible-- Mr. Niles  please. Just the information pertaining to the selling of drugs  if you please. All right  yeah. Yeah. Well  they got four kilos of cocaine to sell so-- And they're looking for buyers. So to protect my family  I told them I could find one. Have you? Are you kidding? I don't know anybody who would do anything like that. You do now. A major drug trafficker will arrive from Seattle tomorrow. You will set up a meet with these men at the Dead Dog Farm. I will? How will l--? How will I know him? You're looking at him. Him? Him Will you excuse me? I've got a nervous bladder. Why?! Why?! Why would you? You could have Is she gonna be okay? First time he beat her  I swore revenge. Something violent and noble. She begged me not to hurt him  made me promise  said it was for both our sakes. That was four years ago. One day  I swear  I'll kill him. No matter what it costs. Jeez  Mom  give me a heart attack. I'm sorry. What are you doing here sitting alone in the dark? Nothing. Just sitting here. Well  read a book or something  will you? It's creepy. It's Dad  right? He'll be back  you know he will. This is just some of that top-secret jazz. I'm not so sure this time. I was at the Double R a couple of weeks ago. Dad and I  we had this talk about this dream he had. It was a big house in white marble  lots of lights. Dad was there  and I was there too  living a life of deep harmony and joy. And there was all this stuff about my future. Good stuff. Kind of nice. Mom  it was cool. Your father is an extraordinary human being. My father is a deeply weird individual. But he has a lot more going on under his hat than most people  that's for sure. Sometimes when I'm sleeping he runs his fingers through my hair. He thinks I don't notice  but I do. How long have I been gone? - Two days. - Strange. It seemed much shorter. Garland! Bobby  I want you to put out that cigarette. Then I'd like you to fix me a cocktail. A strong one  if you don't mind. Sure  Dad. Is everything all right? No  dear. Not exactly."
