"Episode","Text"
"1","Agent Cooper. Can you hear me? It's Andy. Agent Cooper  it's Andy. Can you hear me? Agent Cooper? Room service. How are you doing down there? Warm milk. Agent Cooper? Would you put it on the table  please? - And would you call a doctor? - Sure. Are you all right? Can you hear me? Agent Cooper. Agent Cooper. Agent Cooper  it's Andy. Can you hear me? Are you all right? Agent Cooper. Agent Cooper. Agent Cooper. It's Andy. It's An-- I hung it up for you. What's that? Hung it up for you. Did you call the doctor? The doctor? It's hung up. The phone. Thank you. Sure. No problem. Does this include a gratuity? Yes  sir. Thank you. Thank you kindly. The milk will get cool on you. - Pretty soon. - Okay. I've heard about you. I heard about you. I will tell you three things. If I tell them to you and they come true  then will you believe me? Who's that? Think of me as a friend. Where do you come from? The question is  where have you gone? The first thing I will tell you is  there's a man in a smiling bag. Man in a smiling bag. Second thing is  the owls are not what they seem. Third thing is  without chemicals  he points. What do these things mean? This is all I am permitted to say. Give me your ring. I will return it to you when you find these things to be true. We want to help you. Who's ""we""? One last thing. Leo locked inside hungry horse. There's a clue at Leo's house. You will require medical attention. Knock  knock  knock. Come on. Let's have a look at the new girl. Vixen. What room is Ben in? The little flower room. - Why is he holding out on me? - What? - Why is he holding out on me? - What's that  Blackie? Who's holding out on who? Please. Oh  Blackie. You used to be so pretty. Blackie  Blackie. Bastard. I think you should go now. - Do you  Prudence? - Yes  I do. I really do. All right. If you insist. Gotcha. I will huff and puff  and blow your house down. Oh  my  my. Aren't you something? I've got to see you. I must see you. Go away. I'm shy. Didn't they tell you who I was? The owner? That's right. Ben  it's Jer. We got a situation. - So have I. - Brother Ben  we got a S-N-A-G. - Alas  I do have a situation. - Come on  Ben. Coming  Jer. I like you. You know how to interest a man. That's half the battle. Next time  we will play a different game. I'll make the rules. You'll like it. Fun game. Everybody wins. Diane. My recorder is on the table. I'm unable to reach it at this time. I can only hope that I inadvertently pressed the voice activation button. I'm lying on the floor of my room. I've been shot. There's a great deal of pain and a fair amount of blood. Fortunately  I was wearing my bulletproof vest last night  per bureau regulations when working undercover. I remember folding the vest up  trying to chase down a wood tick. If you can imagine the impact on your chest of three bowling balls dropped from a height of about 9 feet  you might begin to approximate the sensation. All things considered  being shot is not as bad as I always thought it might be. As long as you can keep the fear from your mind. But I guess you could say that about almost anything in life. It's not so bad as long as you can keep the fear from your mind. Oh  my God. The ring is gone. At a time like this  curiously  you begin to think of the things you regret or the things you might miss. I would like  in general  to treat people with much more care and respect. I would like to climb a tall hill. Not too tall. Sit in the cool grass. Not too cool. And feel the sun on my face. I wish I could have cracked the Lindbergh kidnapping case. I would very much like to make love to a beautiful woman who I had genuine affection for. And of course  it goes without saying that I would like to visit Tibet. I wish they could get their country back and the Dalai Lama could return. Oh  I would like that very much. All in all  a very interesting experience. They're here. My skin was itching. Wood tick was crawling. I lifted my bulletproof vest. Three slugs. Point-blank range. That explains this. Hell of a way to kill a tick. Did you get a look at the gunman? I saw a masked face  muzzle flash. Lucy  you better bring Agent Cooper up-to-date. Leo Johnson was shot. Jacques Renault was strangled. The mill burned. Shelly and Pete got smoke inhalation. Catherine and Josie are missing. Nadine is in a coma from taking sleeping pills. - How long have I been out? - It's 7:45 in the morning. We haven't had this much action in one night since the Elk's Club fire of '59. Harry  we need to get a search warrant for Leo Johnson's house. No need. Leo was shot in his own living room. Deputy Brennan found him. - You're not going anywhere. - Doc. When the will is invoked  the recuperative powers of the physical body are simply extraordinary. Just give me a couple of hours to get dressed. I'm standing just in front of where a massive log-storage area of the Packard Saw Mill burned to the ground  under what fire department investigators are calling ""mysterious circumstances. "" Now  police officials have told me that they have  as of yet  - Bobby. - uncovered no apparent link between these two seemingly unrelated - Bobby. - tragedies. Reporting live from the Packard Saw Mill Cooper  this is totally against my recommendations. It's all right  doc. Duly noted. You got two busted ribs  your cartilage is a mess. Who knows what else is wrong? What's that? Jacques Renault. Is that bag smiling? Smiling? What's there to smile about? Do you miss Beth? What? Have you been missing your mom? - Aunt Sarah? - Yeah? I had the strangest dream last night. About what? The rug. Right here. Right from this angle where I'm sitting. Was Laura in it? Oh  Mairzy Doats and Dozy Doats And liddle lamzy divey A kiddley divey too  wouldn't you? Oh  Mairzy Doats and Dozy Doats And liddle lamzy divey A kiddley divey too  wouldn't you? Now  if the words sound queer And funny to your ear A little bit jumbled and jivey Say  ""Mares eat oats And does eat oats And little lambs eat ivy"" Leland? Oh  Mairzy Doats and Dozy Doats And liddle lamzy divey A kiddley divey too  wouldn't you? A kiddley divey too  wouldn't you? A kiddley divey too  wouldn't you? Morning  dears. Oh  Mairzy Doats and Dozy Doats And liddle lamzy divey Oh  Leland. Uncle Leland's hair turned white. Leland  come back here. Oh  God. Okay. Agenda. One. I want a location on Catherine. Keep our distance  just make sure she's ready to take the fall. Two. I want a complete medical on Leo Johnson and his prospects for recovery and a satisfactory explanation from Hank Jennings why Leo isn't being measured for a plot in Ghostwood Memorial Park. Well begun is half done. Oh  Mairzy Doats and Dozy Doats And liddle lamzy divey A kiddley divey too  wouldn't you? Oh  Mairzy Doats and Dozy Doats And liddle lamzy divey A kiddley divey too  wouldn't you? Now  if the words sound queer And funny to your ear A little bit jumbled and jivey Say  ""Mares eat oats And does eat oats And little lambs eat ivy"" I'm back. Back and ready. But the bullet came from outside. How do you figure? Sheriff  a picture is forming. Big axe on the couch. These same geese were flying that evening. Leo was trying to turn someone into kindling. That person hit the TV  moved it. You can see the depression in the carpet. Shelly? Shelly Johnson's about 99 pounds soaking wet. This is a big TV. Leo advanced  axe raised. Then what happened? Bullet came through the window  knocked Leo back onto the couch. Do you think it was Shelly who pulled the trigger? Sheriff  get your mind off Shelly  for a moment. We won't know about Shelly until we find out what time she got to the mill. Surprise. Flesh World. Hey  what issue is this? Still no cocaine. Here or in the truck. But I found this in the truck. Leo's duster. - Reeks of gasoline. - The mill. Good work  Hawk. Harry  do you know who it is? Harry  do you know who it is? - Harry. - What's that? - Harry  do you know who it is? - It's Andy. He seems pretty upset about something. Harry  it's Agent Rosenflower. Andy  are you all right? Hey  Andy. Are you all right? And it's another great moment in law enforcement history. Hey  Albert. Looks like you were more right than you know. Looks like a new pair of boots and a lot of cocaine. Andy. Good work. Hot damn that pie is good! Here's Laura's glasses that you wanted. Thanks. Thanks. Donna  do you see these glasses that I'm wearing? Yeah. I hate them. I'm never wearing these again. Okay. Is it true about James? He spent the night in jail. Do you think it's because of what we did? Look  we don't know if we did anything. My dad said Jacoby got sick because he was attacked. All we did was send him a tape. Maybe he wouldn't have been attacked if we hadn't. Maybe. Maybe the sun won't come up tomorrow if you wash your hair. Think like that and you're gonna go crazy. What's done is done. The only way this won't come back to haunt us is if we keep quiet about what happened last night. I can assure you James is doing the same thing. Get the picture? Loud and clear. Uncle Leland's hair turned white. Really? White as a sheet. Weird. Donna  I have something for you. Came here to the Double R yesterday. Thanks  Norma. - God. - What is it? ""Look into the Meals on Wheels. "" How simple can I make it  Cooper? FBI agent gets shot  FBI agent investigates. I'm in proximity  work in the Seattle lab  I'm familiar with the underlying case. - Does that hurt? - Yes. Albert  the point is  you're not gonna win any local popularity contests. No  the point is Gordon Cole ordered me back here. Breathe. Again. Okay. You were shot by a right-handed person  5'6"" to 5'10"" tall  at a distance of less than 3 feet. I'll have ballistics this afternoon. - You're still blank on the other details? - Yes. What was your vest doing riding up like that? Wood tick. Meanwhile  one of your principal suspects is killed in his hospital bed  the other is shot in his living room. Vigilante justice or just clean country living? Albert  where does this attitude of general unpleasantness come from? I'll have to get back to you on that. If you don't want two black eyes on a regular basis  I suggest you make some kind of peace with rural life. Great. After the square dance  maybe we can all take a hayride. Come in. Andy  how's the nose? Not a mark on it  only blood squirted out. Where do they keep his water dish? Albert. Agent Cooper  guess what. I have the answer to the riddle that you told me this morning. I called Hungry Horse  Montana. The word ""locked. "" Leo Johnson was locked in a jail in Hungry Horse  Montana. When  Andy? ""February 9  1988. "" Teresa Banks. Looks like Leo has an alibi for the night Teresa Banks was murdered. Good work  Andy. Yeah. Excuse me. - Is Sheriff Truman here? - He is  but he is busy at the moment. May I help you? I'm afraid I don't have an appointment. The sheriff asked me to stop by at my convenience. This is the first convenient moment. May I ask what this is regarding? I'm here to sell him some shoes. Shoes? Here comes Mom with milk and cookies. Later  Lawrence. Bye-bye. You got this tape from Dr. Jacoby's office? Yeah. That's breaking and entering  James. The door was open. How did you know Jacoby wouldn't be there? I knocked  nobody answered. - You were alone? - Yeah. Okay. I know you were trying to help  but there's some people who might not see it that way. Especially with 3 ounces of cocaine in your gas tank. You know I didn't put that there. I think it was probably Mike and Bobby. - Yeah. - Harry  Laura talks on her tape about a mystery man. A red Corvette. Leo Johnson. I think it was somebody else. Not Jacques Renault either. - Why do you say that? - I never put it together until I heard the tape. Where she says  ""This guy can really light my fire. "" Well  I remember this one night when we first started seeing each other. She was still doing drugs then. Well  we were in the woods and she started saying this scary poem  over and over  about fire. And then she said  ""Would you like to play with fire  little boy?"" ""Would you like to play with Bob?"" ""Would you like to play with Bob?"" - What did she mean by that? - I don't know. Laura said a lot of nutty stuff. Half the time  it just went right by you. This stuck  though. James  I'll get right to the point. I know you have the other half of Laura Palmer's necklace. I want it. Give it to me. How? Well  this was in Jacoby's office. It was in a coconut. A coconut? Hawk  take James back to his cell. Jacoby? How did you know he had the necklace? Laura and James were in love. I figured he had to have the other half of the necklace  but if he had the other half  he would have given it to us to help with the case. Then it dawned on me. Something or someone frightened him off. He had to have it  so I asked him for it. Jacoby? I didn't figure he had anything to do with this at all. Sometimes you just get lucky. Donna? Hi  Lucy. I'm here to see James. How are you doing? Did you tell them anything? They haven't asked me anything. When did you start smoking? I smoke every once in a while. Helps relieve tension. When did you get so tense? When I started smoking. Did you tell them anything? I didn't tell them about you or Maddy. Do they think Leo killed Laura? I don't know what they think. How is Maddy? She's fine. She hasn't said anything either. So don't you want to kiss me? What's wrong? Nothing's wrong. Or is it just not okay for me to want you? Get out soon  James. Lucy. Andy. In these boxes is every edition of Flesh World published for the past three years. This is a picture of Teresa Banks  the first victim  who was found murdered a year ago in the southern part of the state. Now  Laura and Ronette's photographs appeared in ads in the magazines. You want us to look for a picture of Teresa Banks. Andy  you're way ahead of me. Lucy  Sheriff Truman and I will be at the hospital. Behave yourselves. Diane  just received the back issues of Flesh World. Good work. It's nice to see some cooperation with the law  especially from a company that preys on human weaknesses. Lucy  I sure feel uncomfortable being in this situation with you. Why? We're both professionals. Is he on something? Only what you prescribed. I think he did take a little bit of his food. My God  could that be it? Agent Cooper. Why don't you tell the psychiatrist about your broken ribs and torn cartilage. Well  well  well. What happened to you? I don't want any baloney  magic tricks or psychological mumbo jumbo. I want you to tell us how you came into possession of this or I am gonna have to place you under arrest for obstruction of justice. Look  I told you. The night after Laura died  I followed a man in a red Corvette. Leo Johnson. Correct. Then he eluded me somewhere near the old sawmill road. As I sat there  cursing my-- My lack of horsepower  a motorcycle drove by. Followed by a police cruiser. But you lost them. They went into the woods. I saw them. I followed them in there on foot. - James and Donna? - Yes  they They spoke intently for a while  but I couldn't hear what they were saying. I remember it was It was a cold night in the woods. Finally  they They buried something in the ground  under a rock. Ill-advisedly  perhaps  I took it as a keepsake. It was her  you see. The necklace. A divided heart. Laura was-- Was  in fact Well  she was living a double life. Two people. Yeah  but then Then when I saw her that last time  she I don't know  she seemed to have reached a kind of-- A peace with herself. Now I believe that what she had in fact arrived at was a decision to end her life. Are you saying Laura wanted to die? Doctor  Laura Palmer did not commit suicide. No  no. But maybe she allowed herself to be killed. One more thing. You were in intensive care last night when Jacques Renault was killed. Yeah  yes. But I mean  come on  fellas. I was heavily sedated and Did you see anything? Hear anything? I remember hearing a fire alarm go off  but It's It's all like a Like a dream. There was a smell. Yeah  there was a peculiar smell. It's usual in case of strangulation for the victim to void his bowels. No. No  that wasn't it  this This was a smell like Like oil. Scorched engine oil. Dr. Bradley  call the operator. Dr. Bradley  call the operator  please. Hey  sleeping beauty. Bobby. What are you doing here? What if someone sees you? I don't care. I do not care anymore. Leo's in the hospital. Somebody shot him. Yeah  I know. I mean  I heard. There's cops outside of his room. - Really? - I hear they're gonna bust him. He must have got caught doing something  poor bastard. What happened to you? Bobby  I'm so afraid. Leo tried to kill me. He knows about us. He took me up to the mill  and he tied me up and started the fire. Bobby  he told me he was gonna kill you. Fat chance. I won't let him hurt us anymore. Are you all right? Doctors seem to think so. You know  Shelly  hospitals are dangerous places. First of all  they're crawling with sick people. And second of all  that food can kill you. So if you wanna get out of here pronto  you're gonna have to let Bobby be your doctor. So let's just have a look here  Miss Shelly. Oh  you seem to be coming along splendidly. Deep breath. I'd say you're on your way to a complete recovery. You better go. You're my girl. Bobby. I love you. I guess I love you too. Yeah  I guess I love you too. Bobby Briggs. - What's he doing here? - He doesn't look sick. Sheriff Truman  to see this kind of investigative genius at work  it's just a real treat for me. Ed. How are you doing? I heard you stopped a couple. I'm okay. How's Nadine? Well  she's in a coma. They say there's nothing we could do. She has to wanna come back. How are you holding up? Well  all I can do is sit here  thinking about the things I should have said or done. Ed  don't be too hard on yourself. I never believed in fate  Agent Cooper. I always felt you make your own way  you take care of your own  you pick up after yourself. Farmer's Almanac? Albert  I would like to speak to Ed. Albert  I'll buy you a cup of coffee. Take a seat  Ed. I saw this coming. I didn't wanna believe it. What's worse is I'm sitting thinking that maybe there's a part of me that didn't wanna stop her. And that's a full load. When did you get married  Ed? Right out of high school. Norma and I had been together about four years. Everybody figured we'd get hitched. That'd be that. I barely knew Nadine to say hello to. That spring  one bad weekend  Norma ran off with Hank. I was so twisted up inside  I couldn't see straight. When I opened my eyes  there was Nadine  right in front of me. There was something so sweet  so helpless about her. We drove all night. Ended up in some little town in Montana  out past Great Falls  and I asked her to marry me. Half joking  half drunk  half crazy. It was light before we found a justice of the peace. And Norma Well  she hadn't even slept with Hank. The look on her face when she found out Nadine and I  we went up to my dad's old cabin up in Eagle Pass. Honeymoon. I was hoping maybe we'd get around to talking about a divorce  annulment  something. But Nadine was so happy. And you know  by golly  I shot out Nadine's eye on that honeymoon. What do you mean  Ed? The first day  we were hunting pheasant. Nadine's a crack shot and we already had a couple of birds. And I felt good shooting. Listening to the sound echoing  roll down those hills. I fired. A piece of buckshot skipped off a rock and caught Nadine square in the eye. Man  that's a tough one. She laid across my lap as we drove back to town. She never cried. She never blamed me. She never hated me for it. Couple of months later  Norma married Hank. So I don't believe in fate. You make your bed  you sleep in it. Sorry. Ed  someone here to see you. A man in a smiling bag. Take James right back to the station when you're done here. Poor Ed. Poor Nadine. - Yeah. - Yeah. Albert  why don't you take this opportunity to check in at The Great Northern. Nurse  I really mean it  you better speak to that kitchen. Harry  when Albert finishes up at The Great Northern  we'll meet back at the station. I'm ready to lay the whole thing out. Rocks and bottles? Chalk and blackboard will be just fine. - Jelly doughnuts? - Harry  that goes without saying. I'll come back later and I'll bring some soup. The food in these places will kill you quicker than most diseases. So I hear. Now  you know I have a sweet tooth too. I've got a chocolate-peanut butter pie. Norma  I'm serious. Bring the whole pie. I'll bring you two. Okay. - Better get some rest. - Bye. Bye. Son. Dad. Would you care to join me? Okay. How was school today? School? Fine. That's good. How was work? Work? Work was good. - Dad? - Yes  son. What is it that you do  exactly? That's classified. Bobby  would you care for a piece of pie? The huckleberries are particularly delicious today. Particularly fresh and delicious. No  thanks. Bobby  may I share something with you? Okay. A vision I had in my sleep last night. As distinguished from a dream  which is mere sorting and cataloguing of the day's events by the subconscious. This was a vision. Fresh and clear as a mountain stream. The mind revealing itself to itself. In my vision  I was on the veranda of a vast estate  a palazzo of some fantastic proportion. There seemed to emanate from it a light from within this gleaming  radiant marble. I'd known this place. I had  in fact  been born and raised there. This was my first return. A reunion with the deepest well springs of my being. Wandering about  I noticed happily that the house had been immaculately maintained. There had been added a number of additional rooms  but in a way that blended so seamlessly with the original construction  one would never detect any difference. Returning to the house's grand foyer  there came a knock at the door. My son was standing there. He was happy and carefree. Clearly living a life of deep harmony and joy. We embraced. A warm and loving embrace  nothing withheld. We were  in this moment  one. My vision ended and I awoke with a tremendous feeling of optimism and confidence in you and your future. That was my vision of you. Really? I'm so glad to have had this opportunity to share it with you. I wish you nothing but the very best in all things. Thank you  Dad. - See you later. Call. - Okay. Major? How was the pie? Exceptional  as always. How is Shelly? I can't talk right now. Well  how did she like the flowers? The night Laura Palmer was killed  it appears she made two appointments. In her diary she had written  ""Nervous about meeting J tonight. "" I now believe this was a reference to James Hurley. She was nervous because she planned to tell him she didn't wanna see him anymore. Before she snuck out of the house  she received a phone call. We believe it was Leo Johnson making the second appointment for sometime later that night. Laura met James  was with him until 12:30  when  at the intersection of Sparkwood and 21  she jumped from the bike and ran into the woods. We believe she met up there with Jacques Renault  Leo Johnson and Ronette Pulaski. Together  they drove to the foot of the trail leading to Jacques's cabin. They climbed the trail  they were heard passing by the cabin of the log lady. They reached Jacques Renault's cabin at approximately 1 a. m. Drugs and alcohol were consumed. Laura was tied up and had sexual relations with both Leo and Jacques. Waldo the bird was let out of his cage and attacked Laura. Leo and Jacques fought. Jacques went outside and passed out. When he came to  Leo and the girls were gone. We believe Leo hiked back down the trail to his Corvette alone  leaving the girls behind. The reason being  there was a third man. Deputy Hawk found evidence of a third man outside the window of Jacques's cabin. The third man took Laura and Ronette to the train where they were tied up. Laura for the second time  Ronette for the first. Using a blunt object  the killer hit Ronette and knocked her unconscious. He must have been so intent on killing Laura  he didn't realise that Ronette regained consciousness and escaped. Either he didn't know or he didn't care. He made a small mound of dirt and put the half-heart necklace of Laura's on top. He then placed a small cut out letter R under the nail of her left ring finger. You'll recall that he placed the letter T under the fingernail of Teresa Banks. He left a note written in blood  ""Fire walk with me. "" Here's the interesting thing. The blood on the note was tested. It doesn't match Leo's  Jacques's  Laura's or Ronette's. So we surmise the killer wrote the note in his own blood. It's a rare type  AB negative. The towel that Deputy Hawk found five miles down the tracks was soaked in blood of that type. He also found  near the towel  scraps of faded paper. These scraps may have been left by the killer. They'll be sent back to Washington D. C. For testing. I know  Andy. I know  I know  I know. It's what we call a real three-hankie crime. Albert Rozerfeld  I don't like the way you talk smart about Sheriff Truman or anybody. You just shut your mouth! Laura Palmer is dead. Jacques Renault is dead. Ronette Pulaski and Leo Johnson are in comas. Waldo the bird is dead. This leaves only the third man. - You want this door closed? - Yeah  yeah. We'll frost our rooms. - I sure do appreciate the ride  Harry. - No problem. I always appreciate your company  Pete. Boy  this smoke inhalation is nasty business. I feel like somebody taped my lips to the tailpipe of a bus. Take her easy. - So where the hell is Josie? - Oh  well  maybe this will tell us. ""Dear Pete  I had to leave the town on an emergency of business to Seattle. I will phone you when I arrive. Hope you did a good day at the mill. There is ginger beer in the refrig. Love  Josie. "" There you go. - Is there a phone number there? - No. - Did she say where she's staying? - No  no  she goes off to Seattle once every three months or so. You want my opinion  I think she goes over there to indulge a secret vice. - What's that? - Shopping. Comes back with half a department store. Pete  we haven't found Catherine. Yeah. I figured. I know you wanna hope for the best  but you ought to prepare for the worst. Oh  dear. I always figured I'd be the one to go first. I mean  if you was laying odds on the last person standing after an atomic war  I'd have bet on her. Yeah  she was a tiger  all right. No use mincing words  she was plain hell to live with. Plain hell. But once  there was a little bit of heaven there too. Oh  I'm sure there was. Oh  God. This will take a little while to sink in  I suppose. I suppose it will. God help her miserable soul. I loved her. Blue Pine Lodge. Could I speak to Josie Packard  please? - Well  she's not here right now. - Can you tell me when she'll be back? Well  she's out of town. Who's calling? I'd like to place an international call  please. Collect to Hong Kong. Doesn't that sound? I mean  I ate it  but I didn't really know what it was. I read about it in this French magazine  and they take the entire head and dip it in a kind of blancmange pudding. And then they roll it in oats and stuff it full of walnuts and hot rocks - and a spice cookie. - Mr. Horne  Mr. Horne. - They wrap it in papillon. - Mr. Horne  Mr. Horne. They seal the edges with a sugar glaze - and bake it under glass. - Mr. Horne  Mr. Horne. That sounds incredible. It is to die for. Have you seen Audrey today? No  I haven't. Hank Jennings. Jerry and Benjamin Horne. Where's Josie? She left last night. Prearranged? She wanted to put a little distance between her and the smell of smoke. Sound strategy. Next business  Leo Johnson. He's in a coma. Looks like brain damage. With Leo  how could they tell? Why isn't he dead? I caught him centre shot with a . 44. Couldn't risk going inside. Neighbourhood was hot. I had to sneak past patrols as it was. Anybody see you? Negative. He was chopping wood. Chopping wood? Inside? - Yeah  you know Leo. - Wait a minute. - Chopping wood inside? - Yeah. You know Leo. All right. What's next? Catherine. Dead? My phone call put her in the drying shed when the place went up. Sounds like buried with the wreckage. Heat like that  they'll be lucky to find teeth. And they were such pretty teeth. Marvellous. Marvellous. Gentlemen  if they don't hang the arson on the late lamented Catherine and her co-conspirator Leo  I'll give up sex. That's confidence. What do we do with the ledger? Hank  you leave the creative thinking to the brothers Horne. You're a bicep. Relax until we say flex. Now  that really makes me mad. You guys. Come in. Why is the door to my room locked? And who's the refrigerator? The owner was a little disappointed in your performance last night. Well  the owner isn't exactly my type. And what is your type exactly? Not you. No offence. Hey. Let's get one thing straight between us  princess. Okay. I don't wanna hear another complaint about you. When you work for me  everybody's your type. Norma? Hi  it's Donna. I'm calling about Meals on Wheels. I'm gonna take over Laura's route if that's okay with you. Okay. Great. Listen  can I use the Double R station wagon? All right. Great. Then I'll see you tomorrow at 9. Gersten's gonna tell us about tonight's proceedings. She has some very good news. We're all very proud of her. Good evening. I'm Gersten Hayward and I would like to welcome you all to the Hayward Supper Club. I'm going to be playing various selections of music for you this evening. My good news is that I was chosen to be the fairy princess in my school play. This is my special dress. Also  I got the highest scores in mathematics and English this mid-season term. Just as my sisters Harriet and Donna did before me. So now I don't have to worry about being ashamed anymore. Before I play  Harriet would like to read a poem about your daughter and our friend Laura. It was Laura And I saw her glowing In the dark woods I saw her smiling We were crying and I saw her Laughing In our sadness I saw her dancing It was Laura living in my dreams It was Laura The glow was life Her smile was to say It was all right to cry The woods was our sadness The dance was her calling It was Laura And she came to kiss me goodbye That was wonderful. Thank you. Gersten. Now I'm going to play Mendelssohn's ""Rondo Capriccioso  Opus 14. "" I got the list and map for Meals on Wheels. I'm going to start tomorrow. Aces. Long day  Will? I feel like I've sat through back-to-back operas. In med school  we learned to live on three hours a night and cat naps. It's terrible about the mill. Yeah. They say more than 150 jobs may be lost. Awful. Just awful. I suppose this will open the door for Ben Horne and his big development plans. Well  as his lawyer  and yours  of course I can't comment. Well  as your doctor  Leland  what the hell happened to your hair? It is strange  isn't it? Well  I just I woke up this morning  looked in the mirror and there it was. It had literally changed overnight. Well  considering all you've been through You know  the funny thing about it is  seeing it  I realised that I had turned a corner somehow. I feel a great deal of sadness still  yes  but it wasn't as overwhelming to me. I physically felt as if a great weight had been lifted from my heart. - Perhaps it has. - Perhaps it has. Perhaps it has. God  I feel like singing. That would be very nice. No  I really feel like singing a song. - Leland? - Come on  everybody. Get happy. - ""Get Happy. "" - ""Get Happy""? Forget your troubles And just get happy You gotta pack all your cares away Sing hallelujah Come on  get happy Get ready for the judgment day The sun is shinin' Come on  get happy The Lord is waitin' to take your hand Sing hallelujah Come on  get happy We're going to that promised land We're headin' cross the river Wash your sins away in the tide It's  oh  so peaceful on the other side Forget your troubles Come on  get happy You better chase all your cares away Sing hallelujah Come on  get happy Get ready for the judgment day Sing hallelujah Come on  get happy Sing hallelujah Come on  get happy Get ready for the judgment day Sing hallelujah Come on  get happy Get ready for the judgment d-- Donna  get my bag. Leland? - Dad  is he okay? - I'm sure it's nothing serious. Oh  God. I feel happy. I feel happy. ""Begin the Beguine. "" Diane  it's 11:55 p. m.   approximately 19 hours since the shooting incident which nearly caused me to make a premature purchase of the proverbial farm. I'm dog-tired. A man can only go so long without submitting to a period of rest. For as we know from experiments conducted on American Gls during the Korean War  sleep deprivation is a one-way ticket to temporary psychosis. And I'm working on a three-day jag. I got so goofy last night  Diane  lying here wondering whether I was going to live or die  that I thought I saw a giant in my room. Or perhaps that's a story I'll save for another time. This is me  Dale  room 315 at The Great Northern Hotel  signing off. Special agent. Special agent. Special agent. Special agent  are you there? I left you a note. Didn't you get my note? I slipped it under your door. You must have seen it. Well  I'm up here at One-Eyed Jack's. To be perfectly honest  I think I'm in a little over my head. Not that I can't handle it. I mean  if I'm gonna help you out with your investigations  I'm sure I'll be put into situations a lot more dangerous than this on a fairly regular basis. But it's just you know  my first time out. I could use a little expert guidance. So you know  there is a connection between Horne's Department Store and One-Eyed Jack's. It's my father  he owns the place. Little ball of sleaze named Battis helps to recruit some of the girls from the perfume counter. Tomorrow I'm gonna try to find out if Laura and Ronette came up here. I hope you won't think any less of me for trying to help you. You know  I promise I only did it with the best of intentions. And if there's any way If there's any way in the world that you can hear me right now  please help me. Help me. Help me. Sorry to wake you. I am not dreaming. I forgot to tell you something. You were right about the smiling bag. The things I tell you will not be wrong. Better to listen than to talk. I believe you. Don't search for all the answers at once. A path is formed by laying one stone at a time. One person saw the third man. Three have seen him  yes  but not his body. One only known to you. Ready now to talk. One more thing. You forgot something. What? Laura! Laura! Laura!"
