"Episode","Text"
"17","One of Norma's breakfasts. Made special. God bless Norma. Maybe later. Maybe later  thanks. How's things at the station? Earle's chess game is the big concern. The man has a poor sense of recreation. Yeah. We're holding up  for now. Hey  you and Cooper can handle it. It's a pretty simple town. Used to be. I guess the world's just caught up to us. Annie. - Hi. - Hi. Shelly  this is my sister  Annie. Hi  Annie. Welcome. Norma's told me all about you. - All about me? - Shelly's like family. With our family  that's not exactly a character reference. How did you and Mom get along? Well  we can talk about her  or we can feel good about things. I vote for plan B. Me too. I'm glad you're here. Feels a little strange. The real world. Little things  like I'd almost forgotten how to use money. Closest we get in the convent was bingo chips. No charity  Norma. Promise. Don't worry  I'm gonna work you till you drop. Compelling. Harry's about to hit bottom. Is he eating? When do you think he'll come back to work? I guess we'll find out soon. Need a hand? That's a question I should be asking you. You're the senior lawman  Cooper. Let's just let the rain fall as it has been. Besides  I hate paperwork. This is worse than the Bureau  with all its international documentation. Eckhardt  Josie This is the autopsy on her. Doc Hayward said he couldn't determine cause of death. The body only weighed 65 pounds. - How is that possible? - I don't know. Maybe something to do with what I saw in the room when she died. Maybe we'd better just whistle on our way past the graveyard. - Yeah. - Anything on Earle? Trail's stone-cold. Still waiting for his response. - Slip. - Slippers. You know  Leo  you can't really appreciate how tonic country life is until you're actually right here  living it. - Pipe? - Splendid. Even if you've been to the country before  when you try to imagine what it would be like to go back  the image is imperfect. The mental image is always imperfect. Am I right? Tacit agreement is acceptable  Leo. Your silence speaks volumes. Or if not volumes  at least the occasional unpunctuated paragraph. Well  let's see what move our poor Cooper's come up with this time. This isn't a move. This is a trick. He's playing a stalemate game. Cooper doesn't know the meaning of stalemate! He's getting help. I cannot tolerate people who do not play by the rules. People who shirk the standards! Many people are going to regret this. Got it? Ladies  may I say  you'll both delightfully represent the sanctity of nature. Cigarette? I prefer to keep my chest clear. The great god  fitness. - Have you spoken with Pinkle? - What's a Pinkle? He's giving a talk on the pine-weasel. - The endangered animal. - Oh  lovely. What is it? A raccoon or something? A ferret. Audrey? Oh  great. You two should coordinate. You are dreaming. Hello. Looks like you're trying to run lumber upstream. How can I help you  Mr. Wheeler? Horne. Well  the talk that we had at dinner. - I can't-- - I'm sorry I was rude  wasn't I? Just that when it comes to my family  I get a little excitable. - Who am I to waltz in out of nowhere? - We need help  anyone can see that  and I can't think of anyone better qualified for the job than you. Hello? What are we talking about anyway? I was apologizing and you were apologizing. We're both real sorry about something. You wanna go out somewhere? Bad time  right? It's not good? Oh  no  no  it's great. How about a picnic? We need outdoors stuff. A basket  blanket Food. I don't know how to cook. I'll bet you someone in the kitchen does. This is just to show people what the pine-weasel looks like. I understand the concept perfectly  Mr. Dinkle. Pinkle. The name is Pinkle. But what I'm trying to make clear is that using a stuffed animal to represent an endangered species as an ecological protest constitutes the supreme incongruity. Well  that's clear  Dick. Harry? Hey  Coop. We got Josie's dossier in from Interpol. Not interested. In addition to killing Eckhardt  trying to kill me - and killing Jonathan in Seattle  - Closed cases. She's also wanted for a variety of felonies in Hong Kong. I don't need to hear this. She's also had two prostitution arrests  Harry. Harry  eventually it's gonna help you to know she was a hardened criminal. A killer. Get out of here. I know it's not easy right now. Just get out of here. Get out of here! Go! The door was open. A country habit. We're all so trusting. My name is Jones. I was executive assistant to the late Mr. Eckhardt. Thank you. I've come to expedite the transport of his body back to Hong Kong. Tragic  what happened. You know  he really did love Josie. Didn't we all? They're going to be buried side by side. So they can keep an eye on each other. I guess you have your reasons to be bitter. Oh  just call me a healthy skeptic. Now  why did you really come to see me? I came here to give you a gift. May I? I don't think so. Slowly. From Thomas. I have a few things to tidy up  then I'll be leaving tonight. Good luck  Mrs. Martell. Excuse me  I'm looking for Bill or Eileen Hayward. Well  they're not here right now. Can I help you? Well  I'm Dr. Gerald Craig  an old friend of Will's from medical school. And  well  you see  I have a convention in Spokane and so I just thought I'd swing by and surprise them. Which daughter are you? - Donna. - Donna. Would you like to come in  Dr. Craig? I'd appreciate that. Can I get you something to drink  Dr. Craig? A pop or something? Thank you  no  no. Is this your local paper? Yeah. Pretty small town  huh? Now  don't knock small towns until you've lived in the city. Donna  you know  it seems like Will has found himself a little piece of heaven here. Now  don't you have two sisters? - Yeah  they're younger than me. - Are they both as beautiful as you? Well  I don't know. You know  your dad and I  we used to sit around and try to figure how our lives would work out. And it seems like he's come a little closer to the mark than I have. - You're in high school? - Unfortunately. I felt exactly the same way. You know  high school is difficult  you know. You have no idea what you want to do with your life  so it seems that absolutely none of it applies to your life. You're right. Well  don't worry. It'll all work out. For now  you just enjoy it in all its absurdity. Okay. Oh  I have a small gift for your dad. Now  can I trust you not to open it? Sure. You know  speaking of school  Will and I graduated So l-- It's a small remembrance for him. Well  I should be on my way. Oh  this is the number where I'm staying. I hope to see you later  Donna. Me too. How are you holding up  Pete? I've been through every stalemate game in recorded history. And I've jerry-rigged a few of these country standoffs that they don't write about in books. But it's no use. I mean  there isn't a stalemate game on earth that you don't lose at least a few foot soldiers. I mean  the classic Herbstman. You wind up with six pieces. Now  I can improve on that. But even if I get there in half the time and wind up with 12  that means six people die. Do your best  Pete. Windom Earle's genius carries with it the vice of impatience. He doesn't want pawns. He wants royalty. Protect those  particularly the queen  and we can frustrate him. You can't do that. My students. Mr. Martell  Andy moved his knight without doing the little hook thing. You don't have to do the little hook thing. That's optional. Andy  the knight has to do the little hook thing. - Every time? - It's a privilege. No one else gets to make that move. Okay  Mr. Martell. I guess some people don't know quite as much as they think they do. Check. We thought it best we come see you. As you know  that pattern on the back of my neck appeared during my experience with Of course  no idea as to how it got there. And you noticed it today? My log noticed. I remember. What do you remember  Margaret? Look at the back of my leg. I was 7 years old. I went walking up in the woods  and when I got back  I was told that I had disappeared for a day. All I could recall was a flash of light  and that mark was on my leg. We all three recall the light. And also  the call of the owl. Yes  I remember. The only other time I saw that sight and heard that sound was right before my husband died. In the fire. - I'm connecting with something. - Yes. What? I don't know. Oh  bury me not On the old prairie Where the coyotes howl And the wind blows free In a narrow grave  Six-by-3 Don't bury me now On the Ione prairie No one's ever sung a song to me before. You must have been serenaded at least once or twice. I don't inspire much singing. Most boys are afraid. Well  they don't know you then. Not really. I don't think anybody really knows me. It sounds like a warning. I know. If there's another guy There was someone  but not anymore. There's nobody. So  what do you wanna do now? Know anymore cowboy tricks? If you've got a lariat in that picnic basket  I could lasso passing cattle. I don't think there's a cow for miles. Stray dogs  raccoons  birds  weasels. You had a visitor. Who's that? Somebody you went to medical school with named Gerald Craig. Gerald Craig? That's not possible  Donna. Well  yeah. He said he was on his way to a convention in Spokane. He knew everything about me. Here's his number  and this. Gerald Craig was my roommate. He drowned on a rafting trip on the Snake River. I was there  Donna. I tried to save him. Well  then It's a cemetery. Knight to King's Bishop 3. That man  he's very dangerous. Don't let him in here again  do you understand? - Sure. - I've got to take this to Cooper. Nadine  what I'm here to say to you is Seeing how you're with Mike now It's so cute the way you get embarrassed. And since I have found someone else Nadine  I'm not sure you're gonna understand this. Of course  I understand  Eddie. This isn't just a little spat. Nadine  do you know what Ed is suggesting? It's not too obvious. We're not  like  talking relativity here. We're breaking up. Major  final breakup. Well  yes  technically  I guess it is a breakup  but-- Well  it's a little more than that  Nadine. Ed  you are so serious. These are the dating years. You're acting like this is some really big deal. Doc? Ed  there are no secret tricks or magic words. It's like the dissolving of scar tissue around a wound. She'll start to see reality again when her mind begins to feel safe. Well  when will that be? I can't say. That tissue's packed in there pretty hard. Okay. Well  one thing I really don't wanna see  Ed  are any incidents with Mike. No jealous rages. Well  maybe just one. I give up. Nadine  you and Ed are about to get a divorce. I think I've gone blind in my left eye. - Shelly? - Yeah. Have you seen this? Oh  ""Miss Twin Peaks. "" Oh  you've gotta be kidding me. There's a cash prize and a scholarship. - I bet you could walk away with it. - I don't think so. It's easy  you give a speech  you answer a few questions Miss Double R Diner  what would you do to bring about world peace? Well  I would bring all the world leaders together  make them form a circle and join hands. Because you can't make a fist holding hands. You're a shoo-in. I have an order up. Here's your burger. What's with the dance? Oh  my boss told me I should enter a pageant. Miss Twin Peaks. You can kid about it  but you are very pretty. I think you should enter it. Thanks  but I don't think of myself as pretty. It's an inner thing  you know. Would you like something to drink? Yes  I'd like a cup of deep black joe please. Coming right up. You must be Norma's sister. I'm Annie. - How did you know? - Dale Cooper. Local law enforcement. Must keep you pretty busy. Sure does. Are you staying in town for a while? I might be here quite a while. It's happened to me. Looks like it's grown on you. It has a way of doing that. I made it a little strong. Okay. You made it just right  Annie. We've got a problem at the Book House. Agent Cooper  Hawk  the sheriff's gone off. He's broken every piece of furniture not nailed down. I honestly don't know what to do. It's okay  Andy. Hey  Deputy Dale. How's business? Well  Harry  it's a little complicated at the moment. That's a good thing about the law  it doesn't breathe  you can't kill it! Harry  I've got an idea. Why don't you hand me that gun. I don't believe I've ever handed my gun over to anybody in my entire life! This might be a damn fine time to start. You know something else I've never done? I've never crossed the ocean. Never got to China. She came to me. And she made everything better. Everything so much better. Harry. Your life is still your own. Josie didn't take that with her. I should have gotten her away. I should have taken her away from here! I loved her. She didn't have to die. I don't understand. There's a whole lot I don't understand. We're all like that. Have somebody keep an eye on him tonight. I've never seen him like this. It was like taking a hike to your favorite spot and finding a hole where the lake used to be. Josie had power. A man who doesn't love easily  loves too much. - A good man. - The best. Keep going. That's a special honeymoon suite for Mr. And Mrs. Hinkman? That's correct. Yes. We're from Bozeman originally. But my wife thought that it would be nice to see the countryside. And  you know  you have some very pretty country here in Twin Peaks. - Will you be with us long? - Not long enough. No  just until tomorrow if that's okay  because we're going deep sea fishing. Oh  goody. Okay  so we'll just be going on up now  me and-- - Me and Mrs. Hinkman. - Oh  is that Mike? Susan  how are you? Fine. I'll see you at school. The room please. I think we can handle the bags. First of all  I would like to thank all of you for this marvelous turnout. It's very gratifying to see so many people who are sincere about their environment. The Stop Ghostwood campaign is a determined effort to keep the rabid development interests from trying to turn our beautiful Northwest forests into a monstrous amusement park. Destroying animal preserves which have been undisturbed for centuries. The little worlds that serve as sanctums for several endangered species. Not the least of which is the little pine-weasel. Before moving along  I would just like to remind all of us that ecology is not a luxury science. It is not about pleasant appearances. It is about survival. About whether we are all going to make it  period. But not to understate the value of visual pleasure  we come to the fashion show. Now  if any of you think you recognize some of the models  it's because they are concerned members of the community  who have graciously given of their time tonight. So  ladies and gentlemen  to kick things off  here is our host  Richard Tremayne. Thank you. Splendid gathering. Our little Lucy is wearing a delightful mix of warm  northern comfort and southern insouciance. An elegant worsted wool jacket over a plethora of plaid  with a hint of polka dot. It's fabulous  isn't it? A moonless night  black  slim skirt with a look that always says  ""Hey  world  I'm here. "" Mr. Brennan is wearing a fire engine red turtleneck beneath an all-wool plaid Pendleton shirt. He completes this look with his red and black  buffalo-checked jodhpurs. For the man who wants to make a statement while retaining that casual feel  whether he's out mastering a task  or riding the breeze of a chance meeting. That's it  Andy. At this rate  we're running late. So if we could all sort of hurry Richard along with some quick movement out there. I'm hot in this thing. You're hot? I'm dressed like a sheep. All this worsted. And I think Mr. Tremayne is getting more than a little hot with all these girls. - Our next model - Go  go  go. Well  if it isn't John Muir  friend of the redwoods. Catherine  how good of you to come. Ben  darling  who are you kidding with all this? I am absolutely 100 percent sincere. Oh  come on. Look who you're talking to. We're in the same line of work. You've always been a little more obvious  but this. Catherine  have you ever  in your entire life  had an experience that truly changed you? Please  spare me the born-again sales pitch and level with me. You can't hope to stop my development plans  so  what do you actually expect to gain from all this? A first scrubbing on one of the dirtiest consciences in the entire Northwest. And hopefully  it will happen to you. Catherine  I know what your plans for Ghostwood are. And granted I used to see life exactly the way you do. And no matter how many deals I made or how much money I made  inside  I was still a black  miserable clod of dirt. I am finding that the one thing that really affords you joy in life  the only authentic thing  is giving. Don't wait until you're on your deathbed to find that out. God help you. You actually sound like you mean it. I do. For you  for me  the future. Catherine  why don't you take this opportunity to transcend a lifetime of megalomania and egocentricity  and write us a big fat check to help stop Ghostwood. And now  to introduce you to an endangered little critter  whose home is presently under attack by the proposed Ghostwood development project  Mr. Tim Pinkle. Thank you  Dick. Thank you  thank you. Well  hi  how's everything going? That's good. Ladies and gentlemen  I have with me a little fellow who doesn't understand the peril that awaits him. An innocent in a world gone mad. A world gone mad. Without further ado  ladies and gentlemen  I give you the endangered pine-weasel. Now  this species is of the weasel family. And not only is he non-aggressive to us humans and has beautiful fur  but also  he is by nature an excellent controller of rodents. Unfortunately  this little friendly fellow is incredibly curious making him very easy for one to trap. He is also attracted to bright shiny objects. - Must be my studs. - Yeah. It also is amazing  he is particularly attracted to various smells like  believe it or not  very cheap cologne. Oh  what's this? I think it wants to give you a kiss  Dick. - Oh  please  Mr. Pinkle. - Come on. Come on. - It's all right  give him a kiss. - A kiss? Attaboy. Come on. Hello  there  little pilgrim-- Oh  no  no  no. Nobody panic. Don't panic. He's completely harmless. He's already endangered. Don't panic  anybody  just don't panic. - Nobody panic. - Please everyone  calm down. Stay in your seat. - You all right? - I'm fine. Lot of fuss over a loose weasel. - Maybe we should help. - I don't know. A little excitement might do this crowd some good. - Did you come for the fashion show? - No  I came for you."
