"Episode","Text"
"10","Sarah. I'd like you to take this. Doc  I don't want it. I don't want it. I wanna be there. Every part of me needs to be there. For both of them. Today I bury my husband. Next to my only child. Her grave is still so new. There's only a little bit of grass on it. Mrs. Palmer  there are things dark and heinous in this world. Things too horrible to tell our children. Your husband fell victim to one of these long ago  when he was innocent and trusting. Leland did not do these things. Not the Leland that you knew. No. That man I saw. Long  dirty  disgusting hair. He's gone. Forever. So is everything I loved. Sarah. I think it might help to tell you what happened just before Leland died. It's hard to realise here and here what has transpired. Your husband went so far as to drug you to keep his actions secret. But before he died  Leland confronted the horror of what he had done to Laura and agonised over the pain he had caused you. Leland died at peace. In his last moments  he saw Laura. He kept saying how much he loved her. And I believe she welcomed him  that she forgave him. It's time. Mrs. Palmer  I would be honoured to drive you. Leland always found the other earring. - I don't know about you - Excuse me. Get some of this Waldorf salad here. There we go. - Nice to see you too. - Yeah. I got this for Sarah. Here you go. - While it's hot. - Oh  thank you very much. Do they invite people to these things  or do they just show up? At a time like this  people just naturally come together. It's a time of reaching out. I remember when my mother died  there must have been a hundred people. Seems like the whole town is falling apart. Somehow James thinks it's his fault. First Laura  then Maddy. Maybe he blames me  I don't know. Two people in love couldn't have caused all this  could they? Oh  honey. He'll come back. Everything's gonna get better. - Welcome home  Dr. Jacoby. - Major. You appear to be fully recovered from your recent setback. Well  nothing beats the restorative powers of Hanalei Bay. - Sheriff  how are you? - Major. What's the matter? Doesn't she feed you? - You're just jealous. - Jealous? Oh  I I I wouldn't I wouldn't spend my time changing diapers. What's next for you  sir? Well  major  I'm not exactly sure. I've stockpiled a few weeks of vacation time. Now might be the time to cash them in. For starters  would you care to join me for an incredibly pleasant evening of night fishing? Aces. Eddie  can you see my underpants in my shoes? I looked down and I thought I could see the reflection. Do you think boys are looking up my dress? Sweetheart  I can't see a thing in your shoes. I promise. Okay. Donna came over to see Laura. Do you know what they did? It was late. We'd made popcorn. And they made this very serious promise to each other  to be best friends forever. I I think it was a kind of bond against Dying. I need to remember all this. Besides  she's cursed. Boys  take it easy. Take it easy. Come on. I'm gonna stick his head in the gutter where it belongs. Dwayne  now knock it off. Knock it off. Remember where you are and why we're here. Please. They seem to be having fun. The mayor and his brother. Dougie owns the newspaper. They've had a running feud going for 50 years. Nobody knows how it started. Something about an old flame and a rumble seat. I don't even think they remember anymore. Well  the nest's a little stirred up right now. Dougie's engaged to be married to a babe. For the fifth time. She's still in her teens  he's 110. One of those January-December sort of deals. You remember the first time Dwayne ran for mayor? When was that? Sixty-two? Yeah  1962. Dougie wrote an editorial  came out against Dwayne. And Dwayne was running unopposed. Harry  I'm really gonna miss this place. You're asking me to admit a 35-year-old woman to the senior class. You got me there. Eddie  how much longer? Class is starting. We'll be right out  Nadine. Just a few more minutes. Guess what. Cheerleading tryouts today. I just saw a notice on the bulletin board. That's great  honey. Why don't you go practice your splits? Okay. Bellman? Customer relations. Has everything been satisfactory during your stay with us  Mr. Cooper? Audrey  I have no complaints. - When are you leaving? - Going fishing. But you are leaving. Yes  in effect I am. So this is it? You save my life  then break my heart? Audrey  I've explained to you my personal policy about involving-- Yeah  I know  I know. I'm a teenager. And you were involved in a case I was working on. Someone must have hurt you once really badly. No. Someone was hurt by me. And I will never let that happen again. What happened  did she die or something? As a matter of fact  she did. You wanna know how? She was a material witness to a federal crime. We were supposed to protect her. Twenty-four hours a day. My partner and I. Windom Earle was his name. He taught me everything I know about being a special agent. And when the attempt on her life was finally made  I wasn't ready. Because I loved her. She died in my arms. I was badly injured  and my partner lost his mind. Need to hear any more? Audrey  I like you and I care about you. I'll always consider you my friend. Friendship is the foundation of any lasting relationship. It's nice to be quoted accurately. Well  let me tell you something  Agent Cooper. One of these days  before you know it  I'm gonna be grown-up and on my own  and you better watch out. Okay  Audrey. It's a deal. You know  there's only one problem with you. You're perfect. It's big. But it is bad. Leo just got that suit. Fits him a little tighter. Yeah  it's a shame to let good threads go to waste. What do you think? Green or yellow? I gotta look good. Ben Horne is a man who notices these things  you know? Bobby  honey  you look great. Can you take me out tonight  please? I'll get all dressed up. What about Leo? We just leave him here? I don't know. I'll get a sitter. I've gotta get out of this house. Sweetheart  lover  listen to me. If I land this job with Ben Horne  we're on easy street. I'll take care of you in ways you never even dreamed of. Hang in there  and let Bobby do his thing. It's for both of us  okay? I gotta ramble. Cross your fingers  cross your toes. This is the big time. Later. Hello  Harry. Forgive my saying so  Catherine but aren't you dead? Does Pete know? My husband and I will be duly reunited. Well  all things considered  welcome home. - Any questions? - Yeah  a couple. Am I under suspicion? I guess that depends on the answers I get. Maybe you'd like to call your lawyer. That won't be necessary. - I have nothing to hide. - Good. Good. Well  for starters  where the hell have you been the past two weeks? Harry. Do you believe in guardian angels? Guardian angels? Catherine  to tell you the truth  I'm not so sure what I believe these days. I believe an angel saved my life. I was home the night of the fire. A man called. The voice  I didn't recognise. He asked me to meet him at the drying shed. There was a vague threat implied. So I went and I took my gun. And that girl What's her name? - Shelly Johnson. - Johnson. She was there. She was tied up inside. I think a bomb went off. I I have nothing but impressions after that  just walls of flame  screaming I have no idea of how I escaped. But I found myself in the woods. I was afraid. I was afraid for the first time in my life. I dragged myself through the night. Then  as the sky lightened  things began to look familiar. The woods. The path. A rock formation. And I was flooded with memories of my childhood. I thought  ""This is what heaven is. "" And that's when I saw our old summer cabin in the woods. Having those poor old legs  I'd walked miles through the night. Only a guardian angel could have brought me there. Thank you. Thank God we always kept a well-stocked pantry. I went in and I I opened a can of tuna fish. And I waited for whoever it was that was trying to kill me to finish the job. A loaded gun by my side. I was terrified that every moment was going to be my last. What made you come back? I ran out of tuna fish. Great news. I quit smoking. - What are you doing here? - I wanted to see you. I wanted To be honest  I wanted to talk about our bambino. Our bambino? Lucy  I have been in a ghastly turmoil  and do you know what I've discovered? I  Richard Tremayne  am a terrible  crashing bore. And what I desperately require in my life is something-- No  someone. --more important than myself to think about  to care for. So perhaps you can see why that  as a result  I must say  parenthood is suddenly so appealing. - Parenthood? - Fatherhood  more specifically. And since I have no skills in this area-- Nurturing is a relatively foreign concept. --I've enlisted myself in the Happy Helping Hand programme. Part-time big brother to some adorable  homeless waif. Excuse me  are you the same Dick Tremayne that works at Horne's Department Store? Yes. And  Lucy  I must say  I have absolute confidence that the child is mine. Lucy. Lucy  Dick  I have something I'd like to say. What is it  Andy? I would like to say that we're all in a very difficult position. I come from a large family. And Mama always said she couldn't have fussing and fighting around her when she had a bun in the oven. And until we know for sure who's gonna be throwing that baseball  or building that dollhouse  we should all be friends. So you two go right ahead and talk  and I'll see you. Andy  are you crazy? Hawk  I know Lucy and I know what'd get her: Morals and manly behaviour. You think I went too far? - Harry? - Hey. Well  I guess this is goodbye. Major Briggs says there's a frying pan full of steelhead trout out there with my name on them. That's why I figure you're gonna be needing this. Harry - this is unbelievable. - Yeah. Now  when those steelhead are running upstream  they're only thinking about one thing. Sex. A Green Butt Skunk breaks their concentration. A Green Butt Skunk. Yeah. Tied it myself. My dad taught me how. His dad taught him. Harry  I don't know what to say. Oh  one more thing. I'll recycle this. Bookhouse Boy patch. We all agreed. You're one of us now. Harry  I am honoured beyond my ability to express myself. You wear that in good health. You ever need us  we'll be there. Deputy Hawk. If I'm ever lost  I hope you're the man they send to find me. May the wind be always at your back. Deputy Andy. Your bravery is only exceeded by the size of your heart. A rare combination  indeed. Lucy  my best to you and yours. Now  you better invite me to that wedding  whoever the lucky man might be. - Sheriff Truman? - Yeah. This is Special Agent Roger Hardy of the FBI. Roger  what are you doing here? Dale  we've got a problem. Effective immediately  without pay  I regret to inform you of your suspension from the FBI. Cooper  I suspect you know why I'm here. - I don't. - Internal Affairs. We're the agents who watch the agents. And his presence refers to my crossing into Canada. Hold on  that was directly related to a case we were investigating. Not without my knowing about it  it wasn't. What's the charge  Roger? Misfeasance? ""Mis""-what? The improper and unlawful execution of an act that is in itself proper and lawful. - The rescue of Audrey Horne. - In part. There's also the disturbing allegation as to your motives and your methods. What allegation? Well  I'm waiting for some evidence to arrive. We'll convene in one hour. Alone. Come on. Think. Mr. Horne wasn't expecting you. He said that possibly we could set something up for you next month. Could you tell him it's about the tape he got in the mail yesterday  and it's urgent? Could you tell him that  please? A little late for Halloween  isn't it? What? Oh  what are you supposed to be  a lounge lizard? Shouldn't you be in school? School numbs my buns. What about you? Oh  I'm just trying to get a meeting with your father. What on earth do you wanna talk to him about? A job. Business. It's personal. I didn't know Daddy dearest was hiring. Oh  you know me. I just gotta talk to him first. Yeah. You're up to something  Bobby Briggs  but I'm sure that's none of my business. Count to ten. One  two  three  four  five First rule of business is you have to know who to speak to. Audrey. I owe you one. I know you're a busy man  I respect that. I'll get right to the point. Samantha  bring in a fly swatter. There's a bug in my office. Hey! You're making a big mistake. Let me go! Hey  hey  hey! Leave him alone. He's a friend of mine. You could tell your boss that that tape was not the original. - You okay? - Yeah. I can't imagine what all this is about  Bobby Briggs. You know  that's twice you saved my bacon  Audrey. Could be talking sainthood. Is there anything I can do for you? How about an ice cream? Cup or cone? Cone. I like to lick. What was the purpose of your first visit to One-Eyed Jack's? To gather information about the death of Laura Palmer from Jacques Renault. Who you apparently lured back across the border  where he was wounded while being arrested  and subsequently murdered that night in the hospital. Renault was a material witness to events leading up to Laura's death. Leland Palmer confessed to Jacques' murder  which I believe he committed. Am I being held responsible for this  Roger? Let's talk about your second visit. To rescue Audrey Horne from her kidnappers. - And both are dead. - You know procedure. Crossing the border without contacting Canadian authorities is a serious breach under any circumstances. I'm not disputing that  Roger. Is it the Bureau's position that I'm responsible for these deaths? That's what we're trying to determine. This matter was brought to our attention because Mountie King was involved in a sting operation to nail this Jean Renault. We worked six months to set this up. One night you march in  Renault escapes  two men are dead  and the cocaine we were using for the setup was stolen from the premises. I don't know anything about the cocaine  but you've miscounted. Three people were killed. Jean Renault killed Blackie  I didn't know about the Battis murder until now  and the bodyguard who turned his gun on me was killed in self-defence. So what we have is crossing jurisdictional borders  three dead bodies and international drug trafficking. I admit to the border crossing. I told you the extent of my involvement with the killings. Roger  I hope you know me better than to suspect I would have anything to do with a drug transaction. I won't know that until you prove it  Cooper. And I might add  the DEA's been brought in to investigate. You have 24 hours to assemble your defence. In the meantime  I'll require that you surrender your gun. And your badge. Sheriff Truman. Sheriff  please. I'd like to ask you a few questions. I'll stand. Well  let me begin by saying whatever Agent Cooper's guilty of will not be held against you. And your cooperation will be useful and greatly appreciated. If I understand the law correctly  you need extradition papers in order to get a statement from me. And you need a subpoena from a judge. Now  unless you gentlemen have that paperwork  I suggest you take your cooperation and stuff it. That attitude will not serve you or Agent Cooper. That's not an attitude. That's a promise. Agent Cooper is the finest lawman I've ever known. I've had nothing but respect for him since he arrived in Twin Peaks. Now  I don't know what information you have or where you got it from  but it is dead wrong. Thank you for your time. Help yourself to a coffee on the way out. Steeplejacks  Steeplejacks  roll them! Too short. And Nadine. Nadine Butler. All right  Nadine. Let's start you off with a little tumbling. - Next event  corkscrew. - My gosh. Did you see her do this? - Hold on. I'm gonna throw you. - Yeah  sure  you are. Corkscrew! - Can you believe that? - No  I don't. I'm not answering that. All day and not one word. Johnson's Nursing Home. That's great  Bobby. I'm glad things went so well. Must have been the longest meeting in history. Yeah  I still love you. Bobby  I've been thinking. We have to do something with Leo. Put him in a home. It's not worth it. I don't want the money. Bobby  I want a life. He moved. Bobby Leo moved. What's with the tablecloths? The critic has spoken. I feel like a fool. Norma  pick your lower lip up off the floor. It wasn't that bad. Mother  please don't tell me how to feel. This business is all I've got. I wanna keep my regular customers. I don't care if anyone new ever comes in here again. They probably won't. Not after  ""If you want local colour  stop in. But if it's good food you want  find a wider berth. "" It was ""local charm "" not ""colour. "" - You memorised that piece of trash? - No. I wrote it. You might as well know  so that we can get this little melodrama over with. I don't believe it. Is that why you came to visit  so you could run me into the ground? No. Darling  I wanted to give you a good review. This is just not a good restaurant. I can't violate my professional ethics. Ethics? I'm your daughter. Some standards have to prevail. What about the standards of common decency and kindness? Or don't those standards fit into your profession? Of course they do. I wouldn't treat a dog like this  no less my own daughter. - Oh  as usual you're overreacting. - Am I? Maybe I am  but they're my reactions. And the hurt I feel is my hurt  and how I react is none of your damn business. - Dear  be sensible. - I'm being very sensible. I want you out of this place. I want you out of my life. I don't wanna be hurt by you anymore. Norma. Goodbye. Go. Yeah. Yeah. - Yes. - Oh  yeah. Okay  kids  come on  we'll take you another time. Go on  go. We bagged our limit and we didn't even fire a shot. - Get off me  man. - Welcome to the fighter zone. - I remind you. - What? I'm a happily married man. Recently married. To an extremely wealthy woman. As we discussed  we're really eager to do business with you. Look  I will not steal my wife's money. I feel guilty enough about lying to her about this hunting trip. - Hey  no harm  no foul. - Get off. - She bought it  didn't she? - I don't know. She doesn't miss much. And I don't like this stealing business. Stealing? Who said anything about stealing? - I've had enough of this. - You're the computer expert  buddy. Just hit the keys  and she won't see a ripple. - Look at it this way. - Get off. You don't help us  how long you think she'll stay your wife? - I'm getting mad. - You want me to release you? Hold it or I'll have to kill you. You better get with the programme  pal. Get off. So this is him? Ernie  - meet Jean Renault. - Hi. I met him one night in the woods  when he stuck a pistol in my ear. Lucky for me  I had my state prosecutor's badge with me. Never leave home without it. Jean  this is the Professor. What he can do with numbers would make a 1000-dollar-a-night hooker blush like a nun. Well  a recent investment opportunity fell through  leave us in a cash-poor position. We need 125 000 immediately. I understand completely. - You do? - Yeah  this will not be difficult. Just so you know a little bit more about me  I've been associated with some of the most prestigious financial institutions in this country. I've laundered massive amounts of money. I've brokered tremendous deals for the Colombian and the Bolivian industries. In other words  I'm wired in  okay? I mean  I'm hardwired. I'm your man. Definitely. I'm definitely your man. Yeah. - Well  you say the magic words. - Good. Nicely done  Ernie. Are you making this up? No  no. This is the Professor  our new broker. Hi. You can handle a puny little bundle like this  can't you? Yes  he can take care of it for us  can't you? Oh  yeah  yeah  yeah. Hank  take the Professor down to the tables. I understand you have a very good system for the craps and roulette. Very scientific  eh? I don't gamble anymore. I used to  but I don't gamble anymore. It's a mug's game  you know? No. We all gamble here. You must enjoy life. - Yeah  I'll try it. Thank you. - Yes. Come on. Come on. Let's go. I don't like the look of him. Too nervous. We'll see  won't we? Four for us  and just a little to put the last nail in Cooper's coffin. - I'll call you when I'm done. - Where will you put it? The car. Won't take much  just a trace of this. I want him crucified. - Josie. Josie. - Help me  Harry. At the time  I did what I thought was right. I must now face the consequences. You can do no more. You know  major  I find myself thinking a lot about Bob. If he truly exists. I've pondered that same question continuously since this horror was revealed to us. I try to imagine him out there incarnate  looking for another victim to inhabit. There are powerful forces of evil. It is some men's fate to face great darkness. We each choose how to react. If the choice is fear  then we become vulnerable to darkness. There are ways to resist. You  sir  were blessed with certain gifts. In this respect  you're not alone. Have you ever heard of the White Lodge? The White Lodge? No  I don't believe I have. Major  I'm gonna take a moment here. I feel the call of nature. There's nothing quite like urinating out in the open air. I look forward to hearing more about this White Lodge. When I return from my journey. Cooper! Cooper! Major Briggs? Major!"
