"Episode","Text"
"11","I don't wanna alarm you but Garland has disappeared before. Granted it's always been work-related. Agent Cooper  did this seem work-related? Ma'am  that's hard to say. So  Betty  you're saying this behaviour is part of the way the major operates. Let me ask you this. Did he leave suddenly? Yes  he did. We were speaking philosophically  and I left the campsite to answer the call of nature. When I returned he was gone. The fact that you were in the woods is very significant. In what way? Confidentially  he talks about them constantly. Ma'am  has the major-- Clearly  a man of no small spiritual advancement. --Been attempting to contact some element that lives in the woods as a part of his top-secret work? That's classified. Well  he certainly has a renaissance passion for exploration  doesn't he? That is how he sees himself. And there's no manual for it. There's certainly no manual to be married to it. Betty  thanks for coming in. I guess  there's not much more we can do right now  except  keep our eyes peeled. Garland left some notes on his bedside table. I can call and fax them. They might be very helpful. Maybe the major didn't just wander off on some work-related assignment. That flash of light I saw  it's a powerful force that exists in those woods. Sheriff  we found Mr. And Mrs. Milford's wedding present. It's a matching scarf and ascot set. Good. I still owe him a gift from last time. I can't believe that he's getting married again. Dougie's weddings are a seasonal thing. Like the return of the salmon. Marry in haste  repent in leisure. Hello  sheriff? There's a call for a Dale Crewper. Long distance. I hope I didn't cut it off. Temp. Lucy's helping out with the Milford wedding. Coop? Where are we? This is Gordon Cole calling from Bend  Oregon. How are you doing  Gordon? Coop  I just called to say that you have my full support in this investigation business. These are hard times but we get through them. - Thank you  Gordon. - It ranks poor with me too. Now  Coop  is any of this true? Double homicide? Stolen drugs? Storming a whorehouse? It's all a bunch of hogwash. I have to tell you the Drug Enforcement Agency is starting to nose around. They're sending down a top dog to investigate the drug angle. Who are they sending? It's Gordon. It's Gordon Cole. Who's the agent? Dennis Bryson. It's Bryson. He's a good man  Harry. No nonsense. Don't let him rattle you  Coop. These guys make a living looking through other people's drawers. We've all had our socks tossed around. From time to time. Couple of words of advice: Let a smile be your umbrella. - Thanks  Gordon. - See you  Coop. Well  Harry time to face the music. Good morning  Roger. Gentlemen. Agent Cooper. It's showtime. You've heard the charges. What do you wish to present as your defence? I have no defence. I am completely confident in the rightness of my actions. Some of it occurred outside of bureau guidelines  I will pay the price for that. But I'm innocent of any criminal wrongdoing. If they wish to charge me  I will defend myself in a court of law. Dale. There's a right way and a wrong way to do this. And the first thing we expect is a bureau man to stand up for himself. A man who can't  who doesn't even try  well  he may be packing feathers where his spine is supposed to be. Roger. I know the moves I'm supposed to make. And I know the board. So. I've been doing a lot of thinking lately. And I've started to focus out beyond the edge of the board. On a bigger game. What game? The sound the wind makes through the vines. The sentience of animals. What we fear in the dark and what lies beyond the darkness. What the hell are you talking about? I'm talking about seeing beyond fear  Roger. About looking at the world with love. They're liable to extradite you for murder and drug trafficking. These are things I cannot control. The suspension will remain in force. The next move is up to the Canadian government and the DEA investigation which begins today. You've cracked a big case. You've been under a lot of pressure. I may recommend a full psychological workup. Thanks for your candour  Roger. So long  fellas. Donna  hi. Hi  Nadine. Have you heard anything from James? You mean  Eddie's friend with the motorcycle? Yeah. He hasn't been around for a couple of days. I gotta ask you something and I hope you don't think this is too personal. What? Well  are you still  like  going out with Mike or anything? No. - Why? - You have to promise not to say. - Promise  okay? - Sure. Well  I think there may be some major chemistry developing bet-- Oh  my God  there he is. Hi  Donna. Hi  Mike. He has the cutest buns. Nadine  what about Ed? Aren't you still seeing him? Yeah  sort of. Well  if you're still seeing Ed  then how can you how can you start seeing Mike? Well  Eddie stays home and Mike's at school. Eddie likes to stay in  Mike likes to go out. And let's be realistic  sometimes Eddie acts like he's old enough to be my father. I'll catch you later. Could I get a beer? - Hi. - Hello. Headed somewhere? I'm sorry? Is there some place you're going to or running from? You got the wrong guy. I'm all right. Men are always all right. Right up until they pull the trigger. And then we watch the neighbours solemnly march out to the news cameras to tell us: ""He was such a nice  quiet guy. "" Well  I'm only quiet on the outside. I can almost hear what's inside from here. Live nearby? Yeah  Twin Peaks. It's a nice jacket. I'm glad you think so. - Look  can you do anything with cars? - Yeah. Why  you got a problem with the 'Vette outside? No. No  it's my husband's Jaguar. Somebody squeezed me on the highway  and I drove it to a ditch. I think it would be a very good idea to have it repaired before he gets home. Well  I could take a look at it. My name is James. Evelyn. Evelyn Marsh. I live right up the road. Well  are we in a hurry? Do you mind if I play the box first? I don't exactly punch a clock myself. Good day  Dick. Hello  Andy. This is little Nicky my charge from Happy Helping Hand. Nicky  this is Deputy Andy. How do you do  young fella? Hi. Andrew  old boy. Little Nicky and myself  we just came from Horne's Department Store where Nicky was fitted for a new wardrobe. And now we're on our way for a malted. We were hoping Lucy could come with us. Oh  shoot  Dick. Lucy's up at the Great Northern  helping with the Milford wedding. Oh  God  that's right. Dougie's getting married again. Lucy's not here? Does this mean we can't go out for a malted? Yes  unfortunately. We'll have to go some other time. But you promised. Can't we go? You know  Dick  it's close to my lunch hour. If you'd like  Nicky  I'd sure enjoy taking you two guys out for a malted. - How would that be? - Oh  boy. So  what will you do if we can't figure a way to get you cleared? Well  Harry  the Giant said a path is formed by laying one stone at a time. Have either of you fellas ever heard of a place called the White Lodge? Where did you hear that? Well  it was the last thing Major Briggs said to me before he disappeared. Cooper  you may be fearless in this world. But there are other worlds. Tell me more. My people believed that the White Lodge is a place where the spirits that rule man and nature here reside. Local legend. Goes way back. There is also a legend of a place called the Black Lodge  the shadow self of the White Lodge. Legend says that every spirit must pass through there on a way to perfection. There  you will meet your own shadow self. My people call it: The Dweller on the Threshold. Dweller on the Threshold. But it is said  if you confront the Black Lodge with imperfect courage  it will utterly annihilate your soul. Agent Cooper  Agent Bryson's here to see you. Send him right in. Dennis Bryson and I worked together in Oakland. One of the finest minds in the DEA. Harry  we're in very good hands. Coop. Dennis? It's a long story  but actually I prefer Denise if you don't mind. Okay. Sheriff Truman. - Pleased. - Deputy Hawk. Denise Bryson  Drug Enforcement Agency. Well  I had a nice ride out here  sheriff. It's hard to imagine you have even any crime. I picture you chasing lost dogs  and locking up the town drunk. Unfortunately  it's a little more involved than that. Let's get right to this  Dale. The DEA's interest in you stems from allegations made by an RCMP officer that you stole drugs being used by him in a sting operation. Denise  I believe I'm being set up. Well  my recent experiences taught me never to judge too quickly. Anyway  I'll get right to this - and get back to you later. - Okay. I understand we're both staying at the Great Northern. How is the food up there? Denise  you're in for a real surprise. So are they. Well  we'll catch up later. - I wanna tell you all about my new life. - Anxious to hear about it. It's a pleasure to meet you  sheriff. Deputy. That's a good colour for him. Look  is there something you want? Why  Mike. Aren't we being a little forward? Come on  guys. I wanna hear some grunting and see some sweat. Attaboy  Nelson. Come on  pump it. Pump it. - Hey  what's your name  little lady? - Nadine Butler. Well  Nadine  ever give any thoughts of going out for the wrestling team? Josie. It's time. I can't be with you unless I know. - Oh  Harry. - The truth. The truth. I used towork for a man in Hong Kong. His name is Thomas Eckhardt. He helped me. Took me off the streets when I was 16. We are from a poor family. Sometimes they sell their female children. I was lucky. He taught me about life about business. He was my father. My master. My lover. When I met Andrew Packard  I was already afraid for my life. Andrew was also a business partner. When Andrew asked me to marry him. I said yes. Who was this Mr. Lee? Who is thisthis cousin? I'm sorry  Harry. I was just trying to keep you out of this. - The less you know  the better. - Who was he? He works for Eckhardt. He said if I didn't go back with him  he'd kill you. Why? Because Eckhardt wants me. He's never stopped wanting me. He thinks I'm his property. When Andrew was alive  he could protect me. I now believe Eckhardt is the man responsible for Andrew's death. We were-- We were in the airport in Seattle. And I just escaped. I'd rather die. I'd rather die than go back to that monster. Josie. Josie  you will never have to go back there. You're with me now And now he'll kill the both of us. Let him try. Sorry  it took so long  - but we're short on help today. - That's quite all right. I've been looking forward to this pie. I've heard so much about it. You won't be disappointed. Hey  I was just-- I'll get you anything you want. Just sit down. Hey  sweetheart. Could we get some coffee? - How was your hunting expedition? - It was a little fatiguing. - Catch anything? - I hope not. Oh  catch anything. Yeah  I I came across a 12-point buck  you know  standing by a deepwater pool. I made this very soft approach and I lined him up dead centre: You should have had your camera. Are you having it mounted? Oh  yeah  yeah  even as we speak. It was great  just great. I think I better go and check on your mama. She's not here  Ernie. She's gone back to Seattle. Seattle? That's where I think you should go too. Hey  buddy  what's with the long face? - Vivian's gone back to Seattle. - Better for you  buckeroo. We got four kilos to unload. You want the ball-and-chain getting in the way? Yeah  I suppose you are right. There's the phone  hotrod. We're on a deadline. Here we go. Two three-berry pies and one super snow frost chocolate malted. Wow  thanks. Looks just like Whitetail Mountain  doesn't it  Nicky? How much does it cost? Oh  money is no object  little Nicholas. Damn. Damn. Damn. Sorry  Uncle Dick. It's okay  Nicky. Uncle Dick isn't mad. Are you  Uncle Dick? Uncle Dick is simply ripping  thank you. Pass me a napkin  Uncle Andy. Gosh darn it  anyway. Sorry  Uncle Andy. Think nothing of it  little Nicky. Uncle Andy went funny boom-boom  didn't he? I think I can put this right. It is beautiful. Jeffrey loves this car. My husband. He loves this car. Where is your husband  Mrs. Marsh? I don't know this week. He travels extensively. Business. This car was built in 1948. Jeffrey has to have the most unique and beautiful toys. They have to be perfect. He's that way about everything he owns. I could have learned something from that if I'd been paying attention. Are you that way  James? Are you that way about your bike? I guess I'm not so interested in how my bike looks as I am in where it can take me. Where do you wanna go? It's not really a place  it's a feeling. Sometimes  riding at night I punch off the headlights and roll on the throttle and just rocket blind into the dark. So do you think you could fix it? Yeah. There's a room above the garage. You can stay there if you like while you work. Room and board and anything else you think is fair. I really do need to have this fixed before Jeffrey gets home. I'd like you to stay  James. I'd enjoy the company. Okay. Good. It's settled then. I'll leave you to it. Now is the winter of our discontent Made glorious summer by this sun of York  Now are our brows bound with victorious wreaths  A stag party? And I wasn't even invited? Where the hell have you been? Ben  I have had an absolutely killer schedule. Do you know the kind of hell that I have been through in the last few days? You said that you took care of Catherine in the mill fire. She's alive. And as you might imagine  not a happy camper. Through trickery extortion She has managed to cheat me out of both. Both Ghostwood and mill. Then there is the small matter of being arrested for the killing of Laura Palmer. A real business-enhancer. On top of which  my trusted solicitor  the late Leland Palmer turns out to be a homicidal lunatic. Tough week  Ben. Do you think the furniture in this room is adequately arranged? I have been toying with the notion that if one could find the perfect arrangement of all objects in any particular space  it could create a resonance the benefits from which to the individual dwelling in that space could be could be extensive  could be far-reaching  far-reaching. Would you help me with this desk? That's fascinating  Ben  really. Listen  though  what we have to talk about now is One-Eyed Jack's. Jacks  Jacks. Yes  One-Eyed Jack's. Look  here's how it is  Ben. Ben. You're out. Excuse me? I own One-Eyed Jack's. There's been a friendly takeover. You come in here under my employ and have the gall to tell me-- Oh  that's another thing. I don't work for you anymore. Renault. Jean Renault. It's Renault  isn't it? Hank. Let me tell you something. The guy is a psychopath. Psychopath. And you  my friend  are dancing with the devil. Ben  you're a nut. You think I'm just gonna sit here? Let you take all this. Ben. Life has changed. I want you to listen to me when I tell you that this is how it's gonna be. Don't patronize me  you goon. You're a mess  Ben. Look at you. You screwed up  boss man. You're out  Ben. ""You're out  Ben. You're out  Ben. You're out. Ben  you're out. Ben  you're out. "" Windom Earle. Of course  you couldn't help but take note of my emphatically traditional opening. I must say  your responding move was nothing if not reflective of your predilection for the tidy and fastidious. See how my response to you begins to lead us towards a classical confrontation? But there's doubt in your mind. What are my true intentions? How will you answer this time? Hobgoblins  Dale. Consistency  predictability  giving rise to patterns. We both know only too well how these patterns leave you vulnerable to attack. You with your wounds. I with mine. Let me paint you a picture. My knights will skirmish. Lanes of power and influence will open to my bishops and rooks. Pawns will naturally be forfeit. I'm even prepared to sacrifice my queen because I assure you  dear Dale  my goal will be attained at any cost. The king must die. Do you  Douglas Milford  take this woman to be your wife to love and cherish  for as long as you both shall live. You bet  I do  Reverend. If there be anyone here who knows not why this union should be made  let him speak now or forever hold his peace. You're damn right. I want to object. This little gold digger just wants his money  and his publishing empire  and God knows what all. And look at him  he's got one foot in the grave already. Okay  Dwayne  okay  just take her easy. - Take her easy. - All right. You know that I have had problems  sheriff. All these years. Okay  Mr. Mayor  let's just get a little air. Shall we? It's pretty peculiar  isn't it? Don't give it another thought  doll. - Well  I know this is my opinion  - Let's get out  let's just get out. - And I want you to all understand it. - Excuse us. Marrying every two months Good God. So if there be no further objections-- Cooper here. Denise. Well  that'll be nice. I'll be right down. Diane  when I've got a moment  remind me to tell you about Agent Bryson. I just love Milford weddings. Unfair advantage. How many of those girls were varsity wide receivers? Very few. Bad news first. I found cocaine residue in your car. And my guess is it will match the lot stolen from the Mountie. This can't appear straight. Denise. - Sorry. - It's okay. Sure it looks like a frame  Coop. But I'm gonna need more than your opinion to make that stick. Can you help me? Well  that gets into a very delicate area. But on the other hand  I'm trying very hard  recently  to get more in touch with my feelings. Ladies and gentlemen  the cake. Dougie's always been a sucker. When a woman pass with play in her eyes and Jell-O in her walk  and he's a trout on a hook. So  Denise  if you don't mind my asking  - what happened to you? - No  not at all. I like to talk about it. It's really very simple. Last year  I was working undercover suburban surveillance and the seller had a few kinks in his rep. It seems that he'd only sell to transvestites. So my partner and I shacked up. I played the part of the buyer. And I found that wearing women's clothes relaxed me. I continued wearing them into the night. My partner thought it was my consummate professionalism. It was a very confusing two weeks. Well  this is all a pretty amazing disclosure  Denise. Imagine how surprised I was  Coop. This is not exactly something you plan on. Guess not. - Sheriff. - Harry. I'll have a draft. Sheriff  arrest this woman. She's too beautiful to be living in this state. Oh  hey  aren't you that FBI man? Not currently  no. Dale Cooper. Dale. You solved that Laura Palmer case  huh? Come on darling  they're playing our tune. I sure hope those two go up to the honeymoon suite soon. We've had to separate Dwayne and Dougie twice already. Happens every wedding. Boys will be boys. I was married to the same woman for half a century. God rest her soul. That's because I used my brain for thinking  not my garden hose. This cake is delicious. The music turned out pretty good. It ought have been the death march. You're an excellent dancer. One other thing about dancing  Audrey  is that you never know where the step could lead. You just have to hang on and hope the music takes you there. Your brother  my husband  Andrew Packard  was killed by a man named Thomas Eckhardt. Tell me something I don't already know. You're in terrible danger  Catherine. You helped kill my brother  tried to cheat me out of my land  my family's lifeblood  utterly destroy my existence  and now you want to save me? I had to do these things to stay alive. I have no one to turn to. I've got nothing. And I'm at your mercy. No. Enough. Let's be practical. What do you propose we do? I don't know. Then I'll tell you. From now on you work for me. Here. At the house. As a maid. You move your things into the servant's quarters. If you disobey me if you lie to me if you contradict a single thing I tell you  I shall find this Eckhardt and feed you to him by hand. Is that clear? Speak! Yes  I understand. Fine. We'll talk about this Eckhardt some other time. You may go to your room. Thank you. Josie I'll take breakfast at 7 in my room. Coffee  juice  dry toast  oatmeal. Sweet dreams. Happy  Andrew? Everything is going exactly as we planned. And now? And now  dear sister  we wait for Thomas Eckhardt to come looking for his one true love. And when he does-- We'll be waiting for him."
