"Episode","Text"
"19","Nighttime or daytime  once you get a few feet into this place  you can't tell the difference. Probably why it's all remained so untouched. One step at a time  gentlemen. Keep your eyes peeled. Over this way  to your right  Coop. Harry  someone's been here already. Look  they did our work for us. Oh  my God. I saw the same tracks outside the power station. Weight shift to the left foot. A break in the heel. Windom Earle. What would Earle be doing here? That's a frightening question to contemplate. Andy  I'm gonna need an accurate large-scale rendering of this petroglyph. Harry  let's get Major Briggs on the horn. You want him to meet us at the station? That's the ticket. Once upon a time  there was a place of great goodness called the White Lodge. Gentle fawns gamboled there amidst happy  laughing spirits. The sounds of innocence and joy filled the air. And when it rained  it rained sweet nectar that infused one's heart with a desire to live life in truth and beauty. Generally speaking  a ghastly place  reeking of virtue's sour smell. Engorged with the whispered prayers of kneeling mothers  mewling newborns  and fools  young and old  compelled to do good without reason. But I am happy to point out that our story does not end in this wretched place of saccharine excess. For there's another place. Its opposite. A place of almost unimaginable power  chock-full of dark forces and vicious secrets. No prayers dare enter this frightful maw. Spirits there care not for good deeds or priestly invocations. They are as like to rip the flesh from your bone as greet you with a happy good day. And if harnessed  these spirits in this hidden land of unmuffled screams and broken hearts will offer up a power so vast that its bearer might reorder the earth itself to his liking. Now  this place I speak of is known as the Black Lodge. And I intend to find it. Hey  man  the story's cool  but you promised me beer. You told me there was gonna be a party. I mean  White Lodge  Black Lodge? I mean  what's the big deal? In time  young man. Everything in time. I think that I shall never see a girl as lovely as Josie. When she walks into a room  the flowers all stood up  to room  doom  fume  gloom I think that I shall never see a girl as lovely as Josie. When she walks into a room  the flowers were all abloom. - Oh  Josie. - Oh  stop your incessant moping. Give me a hand with this damn box. What exactly would you like me to do? Open it. I've been trying for days. Thomas Eckhardt left this to me when he died. And I want it opened  I want it opened now. Well  let's have a look-see here. Do you have a key? If I had a key  it would be open  don't you think? Well  it doesn't even have a keyhole. It's a puzzle box. I saw one of these at a crafts emporium on Guam. I was there taking a little R and R with the Doolittle twins. There was a monkey show you wouldn't believe  and Dale Doolittle-- Now  he was the larger of the two-- Come to think of it  for twins  they weren't all that much alike. Peter! Sorry  poodle. The trick is to fit the pieces together just so. And how long will it take? Well  this could take years. Shel  I've been doing a lot of thinking about the future. And what it takes to get ahead in the world. I'm reading up  watching TV  suddenly it hits me: The secret to success. Beautiful people get everything they want. - Bobby. - Yeah  think about it. When's the last time you saw a beautiful blonde go to the electric chair? You are very beautiful  Shelly. And I think it's time we took advantage of this beautiful people's conspiracy. Know any senators I can marry? Check it out. Miss Twin Peaks. Once we get that crown on your head  baby  the sky is the limit. Dream on  Bobby  I have tables to wait on. Shelly  listen  don't argue with me. Bobby's in charge  you understand? We have to enlist by this afternoon. There's something I want you to do for me  darling. I'll do anything that body and mind can stand. Surely the last few days have been proof of that? You just name it. I wanna win the Miss Twin Peaks contest. You just name it. I wanna win the Miss Twin Peaks contest. Oh  of course. Well  I've been known to make a speech or two in my time. I'll coach you day and night. Oh  now  sweetheart. Baby  that's not what I'm talking about. Now  you're one of the judges. You can guarantee it. But-- But It would be wrong. Well  now  darling-- Darling  it would be love. That's all. You know  I'd do anything for you  Lana. You know that. Yes  lover  I do. - Good morning  Annie. - Hi. Breakfast? I've got four hungry lawmen out in the police cruiser. We need donuts and coffee. Hot. Two black  two white  no sugars  please. - Coming right up. - Oh  and Annie? I'd like to take this opportunity to ask you if you'd like to accompany me on a nature study this afternoon? Nature study? Sure. How wonderful. What? When I talk to you  I get a tingling sensation in my toes and in my stomach. That's interesting. I don't think it has anything to do with coffee. - I'll get those donuts. - Thanks. Shelly? You are beautiful  got it? Use it to your advantage. ""What is all this sweet work worth  if thou kiss not me?"" I beg your pardon? Oh  it was an anonymous poem someone sent me. Shelly  I need to see this poem immediately. Okay. It was in three pieces  we each got a piece. - Donna  Audrey and me. - Thank you. I need to keep this. - Okay. - Thank you. A dozen donuts  four cups of coffee  two black  two white  no sugar. Thank you. - Agent Cooper? - Yes. This afternoon? I'll meet you right here. Four o'clock sharp. ""Mountains kiss. Waves clasp. Flower"" What's this all about? It's a poem  Harry. Torn into thirds. Sent to Shelly Johnson  Audrey Horne and Donna Hayward from Windom Earle. You mean Earle's contacted all three girls? Are you sure? See the mountains kiss high heaven And the waves clasp one another No sister-flower would be forgiven If it disdained its brother A poem I once sent to Caroline. I hope it's nothing more than a taunt  Harry. Earle takes perverse pride in his ability to insinuate himself into innocent lives. Well  let's talk to the girls as soon as we can. See what they remember. Donna Hayward's poem. Audrey Horne is in Seattle. She won't be back till tomorrow. Major Briggs is here in the conference room. Hawk? Would you please bring me Leo Johnson's arrest report? Leo? What's going on? Putting the pieces together  Harry. Deputy Brennan? As I remember  the line you are drawing should proceed downward  not across. How did you know that? Major Briggs? Thank you  sir  for coming in. Major  we need your help. But I am unable to accurately describe for you how or why. Go on. The Twin Peaks Sheriff's Department is currently involved in several disparate investigations. The disappearance of known felon  Leo Johnson. The appearance of my former partner and suspected murderer  Windom Earle. And the discovery of petroglyphs of an unknown origin in a place called Owl Cave. Now  it would seem logic would dictate that these investigations be considered separate entities. However  I believe otherwise. I believe that these mysteries are not separate entities  but are in fact  complementary verses of the same song. Now  I cannot hear it yet. But I can feel it. And that is enough for me to proceed. How exactly may I help you? I need to know everything that there is to know about Windom Earle's work with Project Blue Book. My security clearance was revoked shortly after my disappearance. And your ability to access these Blue Book files? Now  the issue is not one of access. However  there are certain moral judgments I must consider. Yes  sir  I understand. Will this information help you to prevent future loss of life? Most assuredly. Is this a copy of the petroglyph you found in Owl Cave? Andy? Sir. Are you familiar with this? Well  I've dreamed it. Or seen it somewhere  somehow. I will do what you ask. - Leo Johnson's arrest report. - Good work  Hawk. Gentlemen  the damage to Leo Johnson would alter certain handwriting characteristics. However  the basic style would remain the same. This poem  sent by Windom Earle  was transcribed by Leo Johnson. Mr. Horne. Mr. Horne  as you are no doubt aware  there are but scant hours until our wine-tasting benefit begins and I can't find your daughter anywhere. Audrey is in Seattle for the day. However  I'm sure that our concierge will be able to assist you. The concierge. Yes  capital. Thank you  Mr. Horne. Oh  Mr - Richard Tremayne. - Tremayne  yes  right. - Men's fashions. - Men's fashions  of course. Tell me  how is your nose? Oh  Mr. Horne  think nothing of it. A nose is a small price to pay in the service of a greater good. Well  we will  of course  pay any medical expenses. How kind. One might also think workers' compensation in some variety will be involved. Easily done. Capital  Mr. Horne. I'll alert my attorney. ""I will alert my attorney. "" Sometimes the urge to do bad is nearly overpowering. Drink up  my friend. We celebrate. Celebrate? I can barely move my arms. You have lived your short life in odium and obscurity. But now  at the last  you will step upon the larger stage. I must confess  I envy you. Your journey begins at a point beyond imagining. Who knows where it might travel from there? I'm pumped. Hey  is this for  like  the Lilac Parade or what? No  not a parade  my friend  not exactly. Well  I'm real cool about helping out and everything but how do I get out of this thing? You don't. Leo? Fetch me an arrow. Arrow? Whoa  man. I do not appreciate practical jokes. Leo  the arrow? No. Jeez  don't zap the geek. How am I supposed to get my beer without--? You know. Dude. That hurts. Fetch me the arrow. Thank you  Leo. What's with the arrow  man? What are you doing? This isn't funny. - Be still. - Well  what the hell are you doing? Think of all the hapless sinners wondering where their souls' destination lies. For what? To gain the answer to a simple question. Where will my spirit awake? What life am I given after this life? This grave question has plagued man's sorry conscience for eons. And now  you  you lucky boy. You have the answer. Now. Miss Twin Peaks Judging and Rules Committee is now in session. You know  this year is going to be very exciting. - Now we-- - Very exciting. This year is going to be very  very exciting. Thank you  Dwayne. Now  first order of business. Mr. Ben Horne has asked to address the committee as a friend of the committee. I don't have any objection to that. Address away  Ben. Thank you. And  Dwayne  let me congratulate you on your recent engagement. Thank you very much. She's a lovely woman and I wish you much happiness. Well  thank you very much. Gentlemen. My purpose is simple. The age of the ogling  swim-suited jiggle festivals of the past is dead. Miss Twin Peaks  I believe  and rightly  is now a celebration of the totality of a woman's qualities. Beauty has taken on a broader definition to include mind  spirit  values  ideas. And for taking this step  gentlemen  I applaud you. What's he selling? What are you selling? Mr. Mayor  let me get right to the point. Miss Twin Peaks is an event in search of a theme. Now  what I propose is simple. The topic of this year's speeches should be how to save our forests. It's now  it's relevant  it's global and it's Well  to put it plainly  gentlemen  it's us. Of course  your opposition to the Ghostwood development plans wouldn't have anything to do with this? Pete  I resent your implication. The environmental issues here dwarf any parochial business concerns that I  or you  or anyone else might be pursuing. We'll take it under advisement. We'll take it under advisement. That's the most that I could hope for. Gentlemen  thank you for your time. Mr. Mayor. He thinks he can pull a fast one. The idea has merit. The idea has merit. I'm in favor of it myself. - Bobby. - Hey  chief. Don't forget the dry-cleaning  all right? Thanks. Will the first candidate please approach the committee? Lana? Come on up  honey. Does anybody smell a fix here? I can't do this  Bobby. I have never made a speech before in my life. I read a book report in the fourth grade in front of Mrs. Gardner's class and I passed out right in front of the whole room. You'll do great  doll. I'm gonna be your speech writer. You're gonna be great. Don't worry  okay? -Here you go. Good luck. -Donna? Are you entering too? - Yeah  you too? - Oh  I wouldn't miss it for the world. - Isn't it exciting? - Yes. Yes. Mike  it's a long time no see. I'd ask where you've been keeping yourself but I think I know. - This is very scary  Mike. - It's not what you think. It's not what I think. What do you think I think? You think I'm going out with an older woman. I think I don't know where you got this sudden interest in the life of fossils. Yeah  but It's not what you think. Mike  big favor. Clear this up for me. I wouldn't expect you to understand. I will strive to be understanding. Do you have any idea what a combination of sexual maturity and superhuman strength can result in? Sorry. Catherine  if there's anything you can tell me about her  anything-- Anything at all that might help me understand. For instance? What made her do the things she did? What was she after? I've been asking myself a lot of the same things. Catherine? I need to understand. I think that early in her life  she must have learned the lesson that she could survive by being what other people wanted to see  by showing them that. And whatever was left of her private self  she may never have shown to anyone. - So all the stories  the lies were--? - Well  who knows? They may not have seemed untrue to her. What she needed to believe was always shifting to suit the moment. In spite of all the things she tried to do to me and my family  I find it curiously hard to hate her for it. Well  she was She was so very beautiful. There may be a clue that could benefit both of us. What's that? Thomas Eckhardt left this to me when he died. It occurred to me that it might have something to do with Josie. What's inside? I don't know. I haven't been able to open it. Let me see. - Well  there's no lid  there's-- - No. There's no clasp. Wowee  Bob. Have we got some beauties in the contest this year. Hello  Harry. Seems like every gal in town is lined up to take a shot at the-- Say  have you had any luck with this thing? Butterfingers. Holy moly. What is it? - Give it to me. - Just a second  poodle. Now  I held it just so. I used to swim here every summer. Two or three times a week. Then I made a good choice. It's beautiful. I always felt closer to nature than I did to people. - Why? - I never had many friends. Norma was always Miss Popularity. She was always moving toward the world. And I was always moving away from it. - Lived in my head  mostly. - That's not a bad neighborhood. There's some pretty strange neighbors. - Many boyfriends? - No. Really? Well  I had one. High school? Senior year. Have anything to do with why you went into the convent? I'm sorry  do you mind if we don't talk about it? Not at all. We can talk about whatever you'd like. I wanna come back to the world. I was so frightened for so long. I understand. Hiding from your fear doesn't make your fear go away. Makes it stronger. So I had to face it. I had to face myself. And I had to do it here. Where everything went so wrong. Annie  I know how hopeless things can seem. I know about the dark tunnel you can fall into. It happened before I went away. It happened because of that boy. Something similar happened to me. It made me wanna disappear from the world. Because of that  maybe I can help you. - I don't know you very well. - No. I'm trying to learn how to trust my instincts. What are they saying? Trust. Good evening. Evening  all. And welcome to our oenophiliac soiree. Another in a continuing series of public events  sponsored by Horne Industries  to benefit the Stop Ghostwood Development movement. Ono-what? - Something to do with wine. - And now  to the tasting. Lana  Lucy  if you'd like to help me pour  please. Our first wines this evening are reds. There are some schools of thought who  of course  say  there are no other wines but reds. Yes  Andy? There are also white wines and sparkling wines. Thank you  Andy. And now that we're all poured  let us first examine-- Don't taste it yet  Andy  for heaven's sake. Spit it out. Sorry. That's all right. That's what we're here for  to learn. Now  to the wine. We must first examine the nose of the wine to see what it can tell us about its bouquet. And we do that by By smelling. Very good  Lana. Lift the glass  thusly. And while rolling the wine vigorously around in the glass  we breathe deeply and fully. Very good. And now  we take our first taste  a big boisterous gulp. And we roll it around our entire palate. And we try to reach those little taste buds stuck way far at the back of the tongue  remembering not to swallow. Excellent. And now  we spit. So he came slowly out of the shadows  leaving the dead girl behind. And I said  ""You take one more step and I will ventilate you. "" And then what happened? It was a brief  but touching funeral. Dale  glad I caught up with you. Got the rental fired up outside and about ready to hit the road. Gordon  super we caught you before you left. - You hurry back. - I will  Coop. - Remember Annie? - Of course I do. This world of Twin Peaks seems to be filled with beautiful women. Although only one I can hear. Join us for pie. Love to. - Annie? - Thanks. Three each. - Shelly  do you mind if we share? - No. Coop  they say that love makes the world go around. Makes people who need people the luckiest people in the world. Although they never said a doggoned thing about a cure for hearing loss. Shelly  you are a miracle worker. And a goddess sent from heaven. I'm a waitress in a diner. I've never been compared to a goddess before. Well  Shelly  you just don't know your own value. Coop  she's a rare and precious individual  don't you think? I know what you mean  Gordon. Shelly  turn around and face me a moment before I lose my nerve. I'm about ready to leave Twin Peaks  and I don't know when I'm gonna return. But I want you to know that meeting you has been more than a privilege. It's touched my heart. And I know that if I don't kiss you now  I'm gonna regret it the rest of my days. Hey! What the hell's going on? You are a witnessing a front  three-quarter view of two adults sharing a tender moment. Acts like he's never seen a kiss before. Gordon? Take another look  sonny  it's gonna happen again. All right  class  what did that sip reveal for us? What flavors are we enjoying? Tastes kind of woody. No  not really. Anyone else? Lana? - Banana? - Yes. There is a hint of banana. That's the metachloric acid. Very good. - What else? - Banana. Chocolate. Correct  Andy. Why don't we just skip the wine and have a banana split? Let's take another sip  shall we? Swallowing this time  and see what else we can discern. What else can we taste? What other wonder invites taste buds toward pleasure? Gosh  Dick. Well  I just never knew wine could have so many different qualities. It's amazing  isn't it? A really good wine is like a symphony. And what is your reaction  Lucy? I'm pregnant. I'm not supposed to drink. Love is hell. Sorry? Love  it's hell. The Hindus say  love is a ladder to heaven. The Hindus have also been known to take hikes on hot coals for recreational purposes. Self-discipline. Self-discipline and love? There's a bad match. Earthly love. What other kind is there? When you're in it  no other. It hits you like an 18-wheeler  doesn't it? And there's no relief. It makes you feel more alive. It makes you feel more of everything. Pain included. Especially pain. I can't stop thinking about her. Sounds like you've got a pretty serious case. Brother  I'm roped  tied and branded. She feel the same way? Here's hoping. How about you? You on the critical list too? Feels like someone's taking a crowbar to my heart. Hey  that's not bad. No  I think it's been locked away long enough. That's good. - Here's hoping. - Here's to you. - Mr. Wheeler? Telegram for you  sir. - Thank you. Thank you very much. Damn. - Bellman? - Yes  sir. Kindly tell the front desk I'll be checking out. - Yes  sir. - Thank you. See you. - Good luck. - Good luck to you. Would you pass the peas  Donna? Thanks. - Mom  could I ask you something? - Sure. How do you know Benjamin Horne? Eileen  I told Donna about the Heal the Planet benefit you're working on. Heal the Planet? I saw him at the house. You drove to see him yesterday? Yes  he's offered to give us some time. I know he favors several local charities. Well  that must have been it. One of the local charities must have sent Mom's roses. Would you pass the peas  Donna? I think roses are really romantic  don't you? Donna  pass your mother the peas. How's school going? Great. All the girls are real excited about Miss Twin Peaks. Fine tradition. I worked with the pageant for years. I entered. Really? You never seemed very interested before. Well  I guess I just figured I could use the scholarship money to study overseas. We thought at first it might be a bomb. We don't exactly have a bomb squad  so Andy brought his metal detector. If it is a bomb  it's not metallic and there's no ticking sound. Harry  there was a time when I could comprehend  with a high degree of clarity  Windom Earle's twisted logic. But his actions of late have left me completely bewildered. He is changing the pattern of the game board. Any hope of deducing his next move has evaporated. Andy  would you please direct everyone well behind the police cruiser? Harry  please stand back. There could be plastic explosives in there-- Agent Cooper wants everyone back behind the cruiser. --Chemicals  and whatever else hell could imagine. My greatest fear? Windom Earle merely condescends to logic. Leaving us the task of unraveling an insane man's terrifying caprice."
