"Episode","Text"
"2","Buddhist tradition first came to the land of snow in the 5th century A. D. The first Tibetan king to be touched by the dharma was King Hathatha Rignamputsan. He and succeeding kings were collectively known as the Happy Generations. Now  some historians place them in a Water Snake year  213 A. D. Others in the year of a Water Ox  Amazing isn't it? The Happy Generations. Agent Cooper  I am thrilled to pieces that the dharma came to King Ho-Ho-Ho  I really am  but I'm trying to focus on the more immediate problems of our own century here in Twin Peaks. Albert  you'd be surprised at the connection between the two. Colour me amazed. Ronette Pulaski has woken from her coma. And? I'm thinking she's gonna have quite a story to tell  - when she regains the ability to speak. - So she's not talking? Waking but silent  probably shock. I'm going to show her the sketches of Leo Johnson and Bob  the man Sarah Palmer saw in her vision. The man who came to me in my dream. Has anyone seen Bob on Earth in the last few weeks? No  not yet. Okay. I performed the autopsy on Jacques Renault. Stomach contents revealed-- Let's see. --Beer cans  a Maryland license plate  half a bicycle tire  a goat and a small wooden puppet  goes by the name of Pinocchio. You're making a joke. I like to think of myself as one of the Happy Generations. And by the way  the fat boy wasn't strangled. Killer snuffed him with a pillow. He was wearing gloves  tape used to bind his wrists was stolen from the hospital supply closet. That is it. If Jacques has any secrets he'll be taking them underground. - What about the mill? - Well  preliminary suggests arson. I nominate Leo Johnson. We'll have to get a statement from Shelly Johnson. Hospital says she's well enough. How do you feel? - Me? - I believe it's customary to ask after the health of one recently plugged three times. Thanks for asking. - Don't get sentimental. - Who shot me  Albert? My men are interrogating the hotel guests  the usual bumper crop of rural know-nothings and drunken fly fishermen. Nothing so far. The world's most decrepit room service waiter remembers nothing out of the ordinary about the night. No surprise there. Senor Droolcup has  shall we say  a mind that wanders. Albert  my ring is gone. One day here  the next day gone. So? I'm glad you're with us Albert. We need the very best. Dedication to duty wasn't the only thing that brought me back here  Cooper. - What else? - Windom Earle. Agent Earle? He's retired. To a nice comfy chair complete with wrist restraints at the local laughing academy. What happened? Nobody knows. Your former partner flew the coop  Coop. He escaped. Vanished into thin air. That's not good. Hello? Mrs. Tremond? Meals on Wheels. Hello? Enter. Mrs. Tremond? Can I put your meal here? Yes  that's fine. Miss? Oh  hi. Sometimes things can happen just like this: Creamed corn. Do you see creamed corn on that plate? Yes. I requested no creamed corn. Do you see creamed corn on that plate? No. My grandson is studying magic. That's nice. Who are you? I'm taking over Laura Palmer's place on the Meals on Wheels. She's dead. Did you know her well? No. Okay  Mrs. Tremond. I'll be back tomorrow to pick this up and to bring your lunch. They used to bring me hospital food  that Jeanette. Young lady? You might ask Mr. Smith next door. He was Laura's friend. Mr. Smith does not leave his house. Hello? She seemed like a very nice girl. Thanks  Harry. Ronette? I can't get this thing to work. Excuse us  Ronette. ""Stop. Read operating instructions beneath seat before using. Can't stand next to chair or stool. Do not remain seated. Place foot on base and pull seat all the way up until you hear a click. "" Sorry  Ronette. Ronette  can you hear me? Okay. I'm glad you're feeling better. I don't want to upset you but we need your help. I'm going to show you some sketches. We need to know if you've seen these men before. We need to know if these are the men that hurt you  okay? Do you recognise this man? Is this the man that hurt you? Ronette. Train. Train. - Ronette? - Tr-- Train  train. - Nurse. Right away. - Train? - Train? - Tra-- Are you in the train car? Train car? Train  train  train! Yeah  yeah  yeah! Train! Okay  okay. Stay calm. Train  train. Brother Ben  we've got two ledgers  and one smoked cheese pig. Which one do we burn? And it ain't gonna be my pig. The real ledger shows the mill slowly seeking into bankruptcy  masterminded by Catherine. The one she faked  for public consumption  shows the mill turning a healthy profit. So which one do we burn? Catherine's dead  we put all of our money on Josie  Catherine takes the fall for the fire  Josie pockets the insurance money  sells us the mill and the land and-- No  wait a minute. First she has to get dear Pete to sign on the dotted line. Why does Pete have to sign? Andrew's will calls for Catherine or her heirs to approve of any sale. So which one do we burn? Once Josie sells us the mill  we could get a better price if it appears to be more profitable. So we burn the real one. On the other hand  the real one would hold up under any future scrutiny. Depending upon on how one looks at the situation  it appears they both have merit. I know. Maybe we should burn both of them. It looks like we are 100 percent certain that we're not sure. Jer  obviously something requires burning. And since we don't want to set fire to your smoked cheese pig  why don't we try these? Marshmallows! Ben  where are those hickory sticks? Margaret  it's always very nice to see you. But if you're gonna spit your sticky pitch gum out in the diner  please use an ashtray  and not the counter or the booth like you did last time? I'll have a bear claw. You wear shiny objects on your chest. Yes  I do. Are you proud? No  achievement is its own reward. Pride obscures it. Cream? My log has something to tell you. Do you know it? I don't believe we've been introduced. I do not introduce the log. Can you hear it? No  ma'am  I cannot. I will translate. Deliver the message. Do you understand? Yes  ma'am. As a matter of fact I do. No messages  Deputy Brennan. Listen to me  Lucy Moran. You just listen. When the Tacoma Sperm Bank was looking for donors  naturally I applied. It's my civic duty  and I like whales. A routine physical examination revealed that I'm sterile. Sure  I thought it meant I didn't have to take a bath but the doctors told me the truth. They told me I can't have babies. So  what I wanna know now is why you're having one and how? Hello  Hank. I bet Lucy asked you to wait outside  huh? Might've. You know  that's an awfully cute buck  Harry. Let's not waste our time. Okay. Why don't you just sign in like a good boy? Keep your nose clean for another week. It's really nice to see you again. Interesting piece of work. How long were you and Hank friends? We grew up together. Hank used to be a Bookhouse Boy. Back then Hank was one of the best of us. Sheriff Truman  I have Ben Horne on the phone for you. Would you like me to transfer him to you? Well  not him but his phone call? Put him on  Lucy. Mr. Horne  this is Lucy. I'm gonna transfer you now into Sheriff Truman's office. He's in there with Special Agent Dale Cooper. Okay  so hold on. Sheriff Truman  I've transferred Ben Horne to you. It's the line with the light that's blinking. - Yes  Ben. - Harry Audrey's missing. - What? - For as much as maybe two days. You hold on. Audrey Horne is missing. One insurance policy  unsigned. ""Un""? The agent said that Catherine was concerned about certain irregularities. Such as Josie being named the chief beneficiary. Agent wasn't supposed to show it to her. Well  considering Catherine's smoky fate  for our side  it's all for the best. Well. Win a few  lose a few. Let's get those pickled icemen on the blower. Gentlemen  I've been giving this a lot of thought. This mill fire will put contract signing on hold for the moment  so we must ensure that the moment  our moment  does not pass us by. I therefore recommend we make a quick but cordial follow up phone call to Iceland  a little gentle handling  let Einer know that we're right on top of this thing. We can handle that. Ben Horne for Einer Thorson. Now  this is a coincidence. Einer. What's that? Where did you hear about it? Mr. Palmer called to tell you about the fire? No  no  I wouldn't call it a disaster at all. It's just one of those things  an unfortunate development. But I assure you  Einer  that it in no way will affect our development plans. Jerry Horne here  Einer. Full speed ahead. Yes  yes  of course  Einer. We will fax all pertinent details to you. Yes  yes  I promise. Listen  I don't want you to worry your attractive blond head about this. Einer  I'm in a meeting  gotta go. Leland? Leland  here's an idea. Let's take you off of damage control  let you concentrate on something that you can handle. Like my tax return. I know him. Excuse me? My grandfather's summer house on Pearl Lakes. He lived right next door. I was just a little boy. But I know him. I have to tell the sheriff about this right away. Jerry please kill Leland. Is this real  Ben  or some strange and twisted dream? The bullet lodged in Leo's spine-- It's all right  Shelly  come on. The bullet lodged in his spine  but we removed it successfully. As for possible paralysis  it's too early to tell. Leo lost a lot of blood  most of it before we had a chance to operate. I fear the resulting oxygen deprivation starved his brain  induced the coma you see here. Is he a vegetable? Is he in pain? He's not in pain. Beyond that  it's hard to say. Can you make him better? We can maintain his current state. Offer nutrition  life-support. Beyond that the only ally we have is time. I'm sorry  Shelly. Me too. Are they gonna put him in prison? I know he's a suspect in several felonies. I guess at the moment he's kind of in prison anyway. Yes  he is. Come on  I'll take you back to your room. Norma's waiting downstairs to drive you home. Hello  Twin Peaks Sheriff's Station. Who may I say is calling  please? I'm sorry  I can't connect you with Sheriff Truman unless you tell me what your name is. You won't? I'm sorry  but I can't connect you with Sheriff Truman unless you tell me who you are. I'm terribly sorry  but I'm going to have to hang up now. Hey  I'll take it from here. No. No  you won't. No  it's okay. Okay  but watch out for this one. Okay. Why is the vacuum cleaner off? Look at those toes. What toes? I brought the ice. Frosty? My little snowman. I feel a cold front moving in. Hiya  Emory. You remember me? It really looks like you got yourself in a fix here  huh? Well  guess what. I'm going to tell you a nice little bedtime story. Are you ready? Once upon a time there was a sweet  innocent girl named Red-- That's me. --And she met a bad old wolf-- That's you. --And she kicked the crap out of that wolf and she told her daddy all about it. Then she told the police  and the bad old wolf went to jail for a million years. - What do you want? - I want to know everything you know. Perfume counter  Laura Palmer  Ronette Pulaski and One-Eyed Jack's. You're insane. I'm insane? Well  I'm Audrey Horne and I get what I want. - Understand? - Yes  all right. I work for the owner of One-Eyed Jack's. - Who is? - I work for the owner - of One-Eyed Jack's. - Who is? Your father. He owns it all. Hell  he owns everything. I run girls through the perfume counter. I recruited Ronette and Laura. - Did Laura come here? - One weekend. She was using drugs. We threw her out. I never saw her again  I swear. Did my father know that Laura was here? Yes  yes  he did. Mr. Horne makes it his business to entertain all the girls. Did she know he owned this place? Owned what? - One-Eyed Jack's! - Yes! Yes. Probably she did. Laura always got her way. Understand? Just like you. Why don't you change the station. That's good. Yeah. I made the call. Told them I was Leo's cousin. Leo gets his disability as long as he stays out of prison. It's a lot of money  Shelly. Over 5 000 a month. But you only get it if he stays at home. I don't care about the money. I don't want Leo home. Leo is in dreamland. You can stick him in the corner and hang doughnuts from his ears. Sheriff Truman wants me to make a statement. No way. Look  they can't force you to testify against your husband. All you've gotta do is get Leo home  sit and collect the checks. Leo owes you  baby. Now we can really make him pay. You want something nice? We can buy it. You want to go someplace special  sit in the sun? It's on Leo. Understand? I guess it would be nice not to have to worry about money. I have a lot of bills I have to pay. Bills? Forget about bills. I'm talking about a new way of life. Together? What do you think? I think I wanna get comfortable. That's why I got my dad's Continental. Bobby Briggs  I'm gonna eat you up. Promise? Just watch me. Diane  I received some very bad news today. Windom Earle has vanished. The disappearance of my former partner is extremely troubling. I also learned that Audrey Horne is missing. Audrey's absence touches me in ways I could not predict. I find myself thinking not of clues or of evidence  but of the content of her smile. Who is it? It's Major Briggs  Agent Cooper. Just a moment. - Major. - May I come in? Please. I have a message for you. From whom? I'm not at liberty to reveal the nature of my work. This secrecy pains me from time to time. Any bureaucracy that functions in secret inevitably lends itself to corruption. But these rules I have pledged to uphold. I believe a pledge is sacred. Speaking as a man and a fellow employee of the federal government  so do I. Well  I may reveal this much: Among my many tasks is the maintenance of deep-space monitors aimed at galaxies beyond our own. We routinely receive various communications  space garbage  to decode and examine. They look something like this. Radio waves and gibberish  Agent Cooper. Till Thursday night. Friday morning to be exact. Around the time that I was shot. The readout took us by surprise. Row after row of gibberish. And all of a sudden ""The owls are not what they seem. "" Why did you bring this to me? Because later in the morning ""Cooper Cooper. Cooper. "" My God. That was really good. Let's try it again. Just you and I Just you and I Together Forever In love Just you Just you - And I - And I - Just you - Just you And I - And I - And I - Together - Together - Forever - Forever - In love - In love In love - In love - In love We go strolling together In love We go strolling forever - Just you - Just you - And I - And I Just you and I And I Together Forever In love Just you And I Just you And I Just you And I Just you And I Just you Donna. Donna  what's wrong? Nothing. Donna? Donna  what's going on? I'm trembling  James. You made me. Donna. Donna? Yes? There's a telephone call for you from a Harold Smith. Oh  okay. I'll get it in the hallway. Okay  Dad. I got it. Okay  sweetheart. Hello? Mr. Smith? I received yours. I wanted to talk to you. We can meet? Okay. The owls are not what they seem. The owls are not what they seem. Laura! Laura! Agent Cooper. - It's me  Audrey. - Audrey? Where are you? Why aren't you here? Audrey  this is no time for schoolgirl games. I want you home now. I saw you in your tuxedo. You look like a movie star. Audrey  if you're in any kind of trouble-- I am in trouble but I'm gonna come home now. Audrey? Audrey? Trouble  Miss Horne? You don't know what trouble is. Not by a long shot."
