"Episode","Text"
"20","Hold it. Watch it  watch it. Hold it  hold it  hold it. - Got it. Got it. - Thank you. On your shoulder  put it on your shoulder. - Watch the step. - Watch the step. Easy  easy. If you need some help down there  say something. - Watch it. - Keep it coming. - Don't go too fast. - Easy. That's it  come on. You hit me in the foot. Watch the car. - The car's right here. - That's it. Watch where you step. Oh  man. Rusty? What was Rusty's last name? Tomasky. He got me in with the band. I'm a roadie. What were you doing in Twin Peaks? We were supposed to play a gig in Knife River  but a tire on the van crapped out. Then you met someone. Yeah  this guy-- This guy came out of the woods  like Bigfoot or something  and he's wearing a weird suit. And we talked to him for a while and he said he had some brew  you know  would we like some. So Rusty went with him. I didn't see him after that. We'll need to get in touch with Rusty's parents. He hated his parents. He's staying with his uncle in Moses Lake until we were gonna-- We were gonna move. We were gonna move to L. A. Andy. My foot! Watch it. He's taken another pawn  Harry  but he didn't tell us his move. Windom Earle's playing off the board. - Morning  Lucy. - Morning  Sheriff Truman. - Morning  Lucy. - Agent Cooper. Deputy Hawk is in your office  sheriff. He's with somebody I've never seen before  but he looks really sad  so Hawk is feeding him breakfast. Andy. Yes  Lucy? What do you know about saving our planet? I know it's in a lot of trouble. Andy  I'm taking fate into my own hands. Mostly because the suspense is too much for me. Tomorrow is D-day. Dad Day. In 24 hours  I will choose the father of my child. Deputy Andy Brennan or clothing salesman Richard Tremayne. What does that have to do with the Miss Twin Peaks contest? L-- I mean  we could use the money. We could also use a father. So I have to make a speech about saving our planet  which is a great concept  but I have no idea how to go about it. Yet. I do know that people have got to stop sinking their beer cans in Pearl Lake when they're fishing. Beer cans. And Styrofoam never dies for as long as you live. It doesn't? - Randy  has Audrey returned? - No  sir. - No messages from her? - No  sir. Would you send someone up for my bags  please? Certainly. The insurance companies send me so many forms that I could get a heart attack just lifting them. You're fine. It's what's in your heart you should be worried about. I know that I have given you reason to doubt me. But I am only interested in doing the right thing for everybody. Then stay away from Eileen. I can't. Not as long as the lie survives. Damn it  Ben. It's not that simple. I believe you. I applaud your desire to do the right thing. But goodness in you is-- It's like a time bomb. There's nothing good about ruined lives. It is a confusing and difficult process. But I must continue. Sorry  Will. Excuse me. - Jack  come on in. - Hi. You know Will Hayward? Yes  hello. I've met your daughter. She's a lovely girl. Yeah  should be getting back to my office. Nice to see you again  John. Ben  be careful  please. I've been looking for Audrey. She should be back any minute. Ben  I gotta go. They're gassing up the jet as we speak. Well  you can call her when you get to wherever it is you are in such a hurry to get to. A friend of mine-- He was more than a friend  he was a partner. --he's been murdered. Female child. Mother  Eileen Hayward. Daughter  Donna Marie. Father Donna? Donna  where are you? - What is it  Mom? - Deputy Hawk is on the phone. I'll be right there. He says it's important. - Ms. Horne  I have several messages. - Great. I'll take that for you. Okay. Thanks. Audrey. Agent Cooper would like to see you at the sheriff's station. Oh  well  I have a lot of work to do. Maybe this afternoon. Now. It's important. Okay. But what about Stop Ghostwood? How am I supposed to get ahold of you? I need more time. A brave man is dead. He's my friend  and I have to take his place. You aren't coming back  are you? Damn this rainforest business anyway. You can handle this without me. I don't know. I'm afraid that I'm weak. Ben Horne  weak? I find that hard to believe. Strive for goodness  huh? Tell the hardest truth first. Just do the best you can. That's all you really can do. Well  I'm sorry that Audrey wasn't here. I want you to give her something for me. Tell her l-- Just give it to her  will you? Good luck. See if any of these symbols have to do with harvest schedules or ancient calendars. Look for any curious nomenclature. Got it  chief. Good work  Cappy. - Major. How goes the battle? - Harry. - Agent Cooper. - Major  you look bushed. Well  I spent the night obtaining and perusing the Project Blue Book files regarding Windom Earle. I found it impossible to sleep after. What have you gleaned? Earle was the best and brightest among us. But when our attention turned from outer space to the wooded areas surrounding Twin Peaks  he became destructively obsessive. Earle acted in an overzealous and secretive manner. Possessive of his assignments  finally violent. He was removed from the project. I found this in the project archives. These-- These evil sorcerers  dugpas  they're called  they cultivate evil for the sake of evil  nothing else. They express themselves in darkness for darkness without leavening motive. Now  this-- This ardent purity allows them to access a secret place where the cultivation of evil proceeds in exponential fashion  and with it  the furtherance of evil's resulting power. This place of power is tangible and as such  it can be found  entered and perhaps utilized in some fashion. The dugpas have many names for it  but chief among them is the-- Is the Black Lodge. You don't believe me  do you? You think I'm mad. Overworked. Go away. Gentlemen  when Windom Earle arrived in Twin Peaks  I assumed he had come for vengeance. For me. But I miscalculated. He has insinuated himself into the lives of people I care for. He has murdered innocents. He has engaged us in subterfuge and red herring. A fish I don't particularly care for. But all of these acts are merely camouflage. He's been after something else all along: The Black Lodge. Fellas  we need to find out what this  the Black Lodge  has to do with that. Do you really believe there's a connection? Windom Earle does  Harry. All right. Harry  we're gonna go through these files from top to bottom. Cappy  I want you to dig up everything you can about the dugpas. Major  I think you'd better hit the sack. I could use a good stretch. Perhaps a walk in the woods to clear my mind. Good idea. Don't forget the bread crumbs. Right. Harry  let's do it. You know  Leo  the only thing that Columbus discovered was that he was lost. Cooper and the gang haven't even left the snide yet. I know something they don't know. I know something young Dale merely suspects. Project Blue Book. Little men  pewits loaded with optimism. They were a deterrent so slight it was practically encouragement. Yet I would like to ask Major Briggs a question or three. Polish up that bald nub of his and see what shines. Perhaps  Leo  we too should venture out for a good stretch. Wouldn't it be fun to have a Project Blue Book reunion? Wine  cheese  talk about old times  trade hilarious anecdotes of the good old days. I wonder what amongst my detritus I can use to spice up Briggs' life. Leo  stop dawdling. If you were outside  you'd have trouble with pigeons. ""And that's the only way we're ever going to save the trees. It's time to stand up and kick some butt for our environment. Before it's too late for all of us. "" It's beautiful  letter-perfect. I don't know about the ""kick butt"" part. How about ""fight""? It's time to stand up and fight for our environment. Much better. Shelly  I've been thinking. Oh  Bobby  I know  I know  I know. - The speech counts double-- - Forget about the contest. I've been thinking about us. You have? I know that I have not been paying the right kind of attention to you lately. I got busy with Mr. Horne. I started wearing suits  okay  and suddenly I'm walking around like I'm more important than everybody else. You were pretty crummy. Bobby  I've missed you. I've missed all the things we used to do together. When I saw you kissing that guysomething snapped. It was like my brain rolled over  and I could see all the stuff that was special to me. All the stuff that matters. I love you  Shelly. And I wanna spend my time with that. I mean  you know  if that's okay with you  I'd like to do that  you know Bobby  what do you think? Lucky. Lucky me. Shelly  telephone. Agent Cooper's on the line. He needs to talk to you. Now  Shelly  he says it's important. - I've got great news. - What? It's going to be Norma Jennings and Richard Tremayne. Tremayne is the third judge. It's in the bag. Well  now  I have to be sure. Baby  I have to be sure I'm gonna win. Oh  my God  this guy's British or Bahamian or something. He's bound to fall for your charms. We'll find some way to get you two together  alone. And then  you put on a dress with a slit. Oh  the slit cut halfway up to Seattle. And then  nestle in real close to him and when he gets a look at those gams and smells that French perfume dripping off you and then becomes lost in those brown eyes Oh  stop it. Stop it. Stop it  you vixen  you. I can't stand it anymore. Why can't we just elope and No. Now  not until I've won  darling. Then  and only then  I will marry you. Oh  you're so strict  darling. And I am the blasted mayor. Oh  now  baby  come here. It's okay. It's okay. Each of you received a piece of this poem. Each in a curious manner  along with this invitation. We all went to the Roadhouse  nobody showed up. Have any of you had contact recently with a stranger? Someone who struck you as peculiar  personable or just plain puzzling? Well  there was this strange guy who said he was a friend of my father's. Same day I got the poem  I got a $10 tip for a cup of coffee. That's unusual. You know  there was a funny old guy at the library. He asked me to read the poem to him. All three. Shelly  take a closer look. Does this handwriting look familiar to you? It's Leo's. Listen carefully. I want each of you to check in with the sheriff twice a day. Nine o'clock in the morning  I want your parents to know your whereabouts at all times. You walk to school  you drive to work  make sure that you do not do so alone. Please believe me when I tell you to be very careful. You're in danger. We all are. You would've appreciated the dugpas  Leo. Ancient sorcerers bent on evil. Rather like the Kali worshippers in India. Another fine bunch of zanies  I can tell you. Blood for breakfast  blood for lunch. Those were the good old days. - Shelly. - Very good  Leo  you remember. Tawdry little trollop. Shelly. Just between you and me  old boy  your wife has some fairly modern views on marital fidelity. But no matter. She is still fit for a queen. Would you mourn her passing  Leo? I doubt it. Her death  Leo. Shelly's imminent demise. It's very simple  really. Shelly wins Miss Twin Peaks  Shelly dies. Maybe you'd like to help. Shelly. No. Good God  what have you got there? No  Leo  I'm begging you. - I prithee. Have mercy  Leo. - Love Shelly. Poor Leo. We are all love's fools  more or less. But you will learn  as I have  the value of hate. Hi. - Hi  Daddy. - Oh  Audrey. - Welcome home  honey. - Thanks. I got back this morning but Agent Cooper needed to see me  so Something's wrong? Some creep sent me a poem. I tried to call Jack's room  but he wasn't there. - Do you know where he is? - Audrey  while you were gone  - I had the most incredible brainstorm. - What? The Stop Ghostwood movement needs a spokesperson. Someone with a highly visible profile to be able to inspire our community to action. Daddy  where's Jack? You can do it  Audrey. As Miss Twin Peaks  you could be that spokesperson and you could use your public platform - No  Dad. - As a forum for environmental debate. Audrey  listen  you can do it. Only you can take our message to the people. Daddy  where is John Justice Wheeler? - He's gone. - Where did he go? Some tragedy in Brazil demanded his immediate attention. He left a letter for you  I have it here. Daddy. - When did he leave? - A few minutes ago to the airport. Audrey  what about Miss Twin Peaks? I'll talk with you about this later  okay? I promise. Audrey. Audrey. Audrey? Josie  I see your face. - Randy. - Yes. Oh  forget it. You. Do you have a car? A truck. Runs like a dream. Great  let's go. Wait. Oh  I'm sorry. Come on. Come on. Well  the symbols suggest a time. Seems clear. - A time for what? - I don't know. At first I thought it was a signpost. Perhaps it's an invitation. Or both. Where's the major? He should be here by now. Andy  give Mrs. Briggs a call  see if the major's home yet. What is it  Coop? Oh  just thinking about Annie Blackburn. Well  bless your heart  I've never known your mind to wander. Oh  Harry  I've been feeling this way all day. You know  I proceed as usual  my mind clear and focused and suddenly  out of nowhere  I see her face and I hear her voice. Naturally  I try to reorient myself  come back to the task at hand  but the image remains. Sometimes I actually feel dizzy. A man in love is supposed to feel that way. Well  my symptoms suggest the onset of malaria. But I've never felt better in my life. I'm sorry  Harry  that sounds foolish. No  no  man  it sounds lucky. Home  home on the range Where the deer And the antelope play Where seldom is heard A discouraging word Hello  Wilbur. And the skies are not cloudy all day Long time no see  Briggsy. Leo. It looks like you've finally found your calling. Couldn't hurt to give it a shot. Maybe next year. Annie  there's a whole world out there. Jump in. ""Hear the other side. See the other side. "" St. Augustine. - Coffee? - You bet. - Something's troubling you. - Yes. Would you like to talk about it? Annie  I'm involved in a fairly complicated investigation requiring my complete attention. Yet I spend most of my time thinking of you. I know the feeling. I've been seeing your face in fried eggs all this morning. You know  there are those who believe in a scientific basis for attraction. It's chemical. Is that what it is? I don't know. Hard to comprehend without perspective. Yeah. I spent five years trying to comprehend it. Hey. It's hard for me. But I have faith in you  in us  because I understand it. We're very much alike. It helps. We think too much. ""What we observe is not nature itself  but nature exposed to our method of questioning. "" Heisenberg. Maybe we should go bowling. How about dancing? I don't know how. I'll teach you. It's easy. - When? - Tonight. There he is  step on it. Jack! Jack  stop! I guess a simple goodbye was out of the question. I love you. I love you too. - Do you have to leave? - Yes. When will you be back? I don't know. I'm a virgin. What? I want you to make love with me. What? Here and now? It's your jet. Thank God for that. When did you first see the symbol in Owl Cave? I'm not at liberty to divulge that information. Cheater. What does the cave painting mean? I'm not at liberty to divulge that information. Damn  but I love the military mind. What is the capital of North Carolina? Raleigh. Fat lot of good that will do me. Major  I admire your fortitude. Had I had the time and patience  we might continue this game indefinitely. However I have neither. Catch. Your name  please? Garland Briggs. Garland  what do you fear most in the world? The possibility that love is not enough. Oh  Garland  please  I shall weep. How much does your wife weigh? One hundred and fifteen pounds. Oh  good for her. Now  when did you first see the petroglyph in Owl Cave? In-- In dreams. What kind of dreams? I was night fishing with Agent Cooper. There was a light  guardian beyond it. I was taken  but my mind Still I recognized the signs. What do the signs mean? There's a time  if Jupiter and Saturn meet  they will receive you. Garland  Garland. Garland  Garland  I was hoping for a lengthy conversation. Leo  put the major to bed. I'm afraid his mind has begun to wander. There's a time  if Jupiter and Saturn meet. His woman servant  Jones  delivered this to me shortly after he died. Eckhardt's last bequest. A clever jape  perhaps  or something of value. Try this. No  you see  there's a secret to opening each of these boxes. And this one is about to drive me mad. Oh  Andrew  tell me something good. Our foreign investors are chomping at the bit from Paris to Beijing. You're going to get your golf course. Right next to The Great Northern Hotel. And Benjamin is doing everything he can to stop us. Well  it's too late. When the project was still in his possession  Ben cleared every possible hurdle: The zoning  the impact statements. He was and is his own worst enemy. As always. What are you doing? Nothing  Catherine  I'm just trying a few simple combinations. - Let me  let me. - No  Catherine. Eckhardt's birthday. My birthday. The day the gift arrived. Give it to me. - Oh  what a bore. - I opened it. Andrew I'm not completely prepared for this. Just think of it as a walking embrace  all right? Two people stepping as one would step. - So far  so good. - Now  just follow me. We'll follow each other. Good. It's genetic memory. Mom and Dad danced the lindy. You've got it. Your body feels nice against mine. I was just thinking the same thing. Listen  if I'm being too forward-- - I want more than your kisses. - For instance? - I want-- - This thing on? Welcome to this final night of festivities celebrating the Miss Twin Peaks As some of you-- Damnation  is this damn thing on? What I mean is I understand why you hesitate  why you treat me with care. The convent evokes the image of helpless women  fearful of the thought of any emotion other than those derived from scripture and prayer. But when you hold me  when we kiss  I feel safe and eager. I'm not afraid of anything that you make me feel or want. Is this on? Is this on? I'm beginning to tire of his interruptions. - Welcome to - I don't know. I think he's cute. - this final night of festivities - You do? I think that maybe I will enter after all. - The Miss Twin Peaks contest? - Why not? ""Hear the other side. See the other side. "" There's worse places to start than Miss Twin Peaks. It's like a fairy tale. And you're the queen. No. What a gyp. Finally meet the man of my dreams  next thing I know  he's on a plane to Brazil. He'll be back one day. - He promised. - Yeah. Well  he also promised to take me fishing and we never did. Love stinks. - Fishing? - Yeah. Pearl Lake or something. I have some tackle in the truck. You do? Audrey  there are many cures for a broken heart  but nothing quite like a trout's leap in the moonlight. May I? You may. Jupiter and Saturn meet Oh  what a crop of mummy wheat The planets our babbling major spoke of are more than distant orbs. They are  in fact  a clock. A clock that tells the time. And the time Time draws nearer with each ticking tock. Dale wasn't far wrong. The cave painting is an invitation of sorts  telling us when the revels begin. But what Dale doesn't know is where to find it. For  you see  the cave painting is not only an invitation  it is also a map. A map to the Black Lodge! There's something wrong. This isn't right. There's something wrong here."
