The intro might make the context a little clearer, 
I suspect someone unfamiliar with your project might be a bit confused about what you are 
trying to do with the sentiment analysis. 
## DONE

One part which isn’t really covered is the reviews themselves, 
we’ve sometimes mentioned just using a score, 
but you also discuss using text. 
In terms of presentation, you should differentiate the aim and objectives. 
Some of the citations might be incorporated a little more smoothly (ask me for examples), 
but most of the writing is good and you have made good use of references to support 
your discussion. 

Some of the later sections in particular would benefit from proof reading 
and more attention to detail for a more professional look.

The literature review itself is thorough, with references used well, 
and you’ve done a good job of evaluating the techniques although some of the conclusions 
are a bit vague and I don’t really follow how they would work in practice for your project. 
You might give clearer examples to help the reader. 

The software discussion is good, but needs a conclusion.

I’m not sure what Chapter 3 is meant to be, it appears to belong in the Lit Review still.

The LSEPI could also be tidied in places but covers the important parts.
Overall this has some good content and you are well set for the project to start some 
experiments, but the document itself can be refined a bit for the final version.


Hi Mark
This looks good.
A few comments:
Don't use author initials in citations (you don't usually do this, but I did spot it once at least).

The software options doesn't list RStudio, would be useful for comparison with paid-for options.

You add a note 
	"I Used a website to convert the data from multi line to single line, 
	because the data was too big to fit into a database. 
	By using this website, it sped up the process of me doing it manually." 
Make sure you discuss challenges like this in your implementation chapter, to show what you had to overcome and how you did so.

The design chapter could start off by establishing exactly what questions you are intending to tackle. 
Then the rest of it can be about how you will set things up to answer the questions.

Implementation can contain the results, with the basic conclusions about the actual analysis (ie. what relationships did you detect etc).
Then the Conclusion chapter can be a bit higher-level, what have you learned about the techniques and the tools used etc?

Let me know progress, if you want me to look at bits that you have updated in this document then point me to the changes so I can focus on them.

Take care

Paul


https://medium.com/@yanhann10/an-initial-analysis-on-the-sentiments-of-the-simpsons-caef072aaec9

https://www.kaggle.com/ambarish/fun-in-text-mining-with-simpsons

https://towardsdatascience.com/the-simpsons-meets-data-visualization-ef8ef0819d13

https://steveriffe.co.uk/hello-springfield

